SEO used to be this super advanced skill
that took years of studying and
experience to master. But now it's
becoming extremely easy with AI tools
that can do 99% of the work for us. For
example, think of the cars that were
mass-produced back in the 1900s. They
completely eliminated the need for
people to walk everywhere. They were
more comfortable than a horse and bucky,
and they could get people to their
destinations faster. These new AI SEO
tools are the same way, making SEO more
convenient, less time inensive, and get
you ranked faster. But just like with
cars, in order to get the best benefits
from these SEO tools, you have to know
how to drive them. So, in this video,
I'm going to show you seven AI SEO cheat
codes for getting any local business
ranked number one on Google, getting 10x
more website traffic as a result. But
before I show you these hacks, I need to
introduce you to the AI SEO software
that I use to get these results. And
it's a software called Search Atlas.
Search Atlas does everything from
backlink building to blog writing to
Google business profile optimization.
and it does the majority of it using AI.
And you can start using Search Atlas for
just $99 a month, which will allow you
to do SEO for one website and then you
can upgrade as you get more clients. And
Auto SEO Pixel
if you sign up with my affiliate link
down below, you can get an extended
14-day free trial instead of the normal
7-day free trial. But the first feature
where Search Atlas helps with SEO is
their auto SEO pixel, which is simply a
line of code that you can copy and paste
onto any website, and it'll literally do
SEO on the website for you. You'll
simply fill in as much of this
information here under this knowledge
graph section as possible about the
business. All the top pages of their
website, any social media profiles, the
business owner's name, any images and
logos. Once you've filled that in as
much as you can, you'll simply go here
and you'll go to this auto pixel
integration and you'll just copy the
code right here. It's just all these
random strings of letters and numbers.
You'll copy that. You'll go into the
back end of your website. This is a
website that we built inside of Goh High
Level. We'll go into the settings here
and then you'll go under the head
tracking code section and you'll paste
in your auto pixel code. You can see
I've already pasted mine in here. Just
simply paste it in, save it, and then
you'll go back here and you'll click
engage and then it will engage and it'll
make all these updates and changes to
your website. Anything that it finds
wrong with your SEO and ways that it can
improve it, it'll change your title
tags, your meta descriptions, any alt
image text that's missing, meta
keywords, missing headlines, all these
things. It'll change the actual text on
the website front end and it'll do stuff
on the back end for your SEO to help you
get ranked higher in search. The Auto AI
Keyword Research Tool
SEO pixel is super powerful for helping
businesses rank on Google, but you need
to know how to prompt it with the best
information to get the best results from
it. So, that's where Search Atlas's next
tool comes in, which is their AI keyword
research tool. If you go to the main
projects page in Search Atlas and you
type in any niche keyword right here, I
typed in landscaping and then click
search, it'll pull up all of the search
data for that keyword. It'll tell you
how difficult that keyword is to rank
for, how many monthly searches it gets
across the United States or whatever
country you toggle on right here. And
then it'll give you a lot of good search
data on this keyword. But even more, we
can go to this related keyword section.
We can click view all of them. and it'll
pull up a ton of related keywords to the
main keyword that we typed in, which in
this case was landscaping. And it'll so
get it'll give us different keyword
variations of landscaping like
landscaping, landscaping near me, lawn
care near me, lawn care, all of these
other keywords, and we can look at these
main keywords that get a lot of
searches. Typically, we want to go for
ones that have high search volume and
low competition. And so this one right
here, landscaping would be a perfect
example, gets a lot of monthly searches,
but it's very uncompetitive. Landscaping
near me is a little bit more
competitive. But when we narrow down
landscaping and then within a local
market, there's probably going to be
only maybe 20 other landscapers within
a, you know, 20 mile radius that we're
really competing with. And so we just
have to beat out 20 other landscapers
when we narrow it down to our local area
and to our local um into our niche,
which is in this case landscaping. And
so it's really not that hard. Usually
I'll go after more of the competitive
keywords. And then we can jump into our
auto tool that I showed you before. And
under this knowledge graph section, we
can give auto these different keywords
that we're trying to rank for. So once
we pick a few of the different keywords
that we want to go after here, you could
pick up to 10 different keywords. You
could use all the different services
that you offer as your main keywords. Go
to top pages. You can then fill in and
add your pages and add up to three
different keywords that you're trying to
rank for for those pages. And now auto,
this SEO AI pixel will know exactly how
to best optimize our website down here
with all of its recommendations and
fixes that it can deploy on our website
completely on autopilot. So now you know
AI Blog Writer
how to apply the auto SEO pixel onto a
website with the best keyword strategy
backing it up. But there are other
search atlas tools on top of these that
can help improve SEO rankings. And the
next one I'll show you is their AI blog
writer. If you go into this content tab
inside of search atlas, you'll find the
content genius, which is an AI content
writer that you can use to write content
for the main pages of your website. But
I like to use it to write the content
for my blogs on my website and for my
clients. So first you want to create a
folder here. You'll go under folder
settings. You just type in all of the
information about the business. This
gives the AI really good context about
different keywords and just what your
business is called, what you're trying
to rank for, all that good stuff here.
Once you've created that folder, you can
see and you can switch into it. And then
we'll go to this topical map section and
we can create a topical map. I've
already got one here. Just create that.
And it'll ask you for all the different
keywords you're trying to rank for for
your blog. And then we can click view
topical map once it's created. And it'll
give us all these different um title
options based on the keywords that we're
trying to rank for. And so it creates
these titles for us and it'll build
these blogs and it'll generate images,
paragraphs, everything for us. And so
off the keyword, you know, Blige,
Georgia tourist attractions, it created
a blog called Blueridge, Georgia tourist
attractions. You can't miss. And so it
uses the a lot of the keywords in the
titles to help you rank. And you'll hit
generate and it'll generate it. And then
once it's generated, it takes a few
minutes. Then you can click view
content. And this is an example of one.
It generates a hero image, the H1's,
paragraphs, it puts it all into proper
SEO format, which is really good because
you want the H1s to have your keywords
and paragraphs to have your keywords
throughout. And just having thing in
everything in the appropriate formats
helps with your SEO. And then you can
simply copy everything from top to
bottom. We'll just drag from the
headline here. You'll go down to the
bottom here. You'll copy all of that.
And then you can take it into your blog
platform. I use go high level for all of
my blogs and our our websites that we
build as well. And you'll go into the
blog section and then you can click new
post and it'll give you a blank page.
It'll look kind of like this except
it'll be blank here. And then you can
simply click paste and it'll paste in
the entire blog. It'll keep it in proper
format. Uh and go high level at least it
keeps it all like the H1's, the H2s, the
paragraphs in the appropriate formats
with the appropriate, you know, bolding
of the text. It puts in all the images
onto the blog and then you can click
update. And it really is that quick and
that easy to post blogs directly onto
your website, which will just give you
more chances to rank for different
keywords cuz all of these blogs target
different keywords that are related to
your niche or your client's niche. Blogs
Cloud Stacks
are great for getting more keywords and
key phrases onto a website, but without
building your website authority, then it
doesn't matter how many keywords you
stuff onto the site. And that takes us
into our next AI SEO tool, which is
called cloud stacks. Cloud stacks are
just the term that search atlas uses for
backlinks. A backlink is anytime another
website puts your website link on
theirs, sending traffic from their site
to your site. This just sends really
good signals to Google that you're an
authority in your niche and you get
ranked higher because of it. The Cloud
Stack tool in Search Atlas works like
this. If you're on the auto tool for
your client or for your website, you'll
scroll down here. You'll go to the Cloud
Stacks tool. And then you'll be able to
add a page to your website that you're
going to get this backlink set up on.
And so you can type in all the different
main pages of your website. The
homepage, about page, contact page, the
FAQ's page. We've added a few here. And
then you'll just click add cloud stack.
You'll type in that page of your website
with the appropriate path on the end.
And then you'll type three keywords that
you're trying to rank that page for that
will help with that backlink because
that backlink will actually be an AI
generated article on another website
that Search Atlas partners with and
it'll send a backlink over to your site
which like I said will show Google that
you're an authority. Now you've got
another backlink. The more backlinks you
can get, the more your website looks
like an authority and the more you rank
higher. And so you'll just type in that
that page of your website here, the
three different keywords that you're
trying to rank that page for here. And
then it'll add you and get you a
backlink on 13 different high quality
sites, the ones that you see here. And
so you're actually getting 13 back links
by doing this one time. And it only
costs 15 credits, which is $15 in Search
Atlas to get these back links. So you
can buy more authority for your website
essentially and get back links to every
single page of your website. And then
you can start going through pages again
once you've run out of pages to add them
to. you can go back through pages and
just change the keywords on them and get
ranked and get back links for other
keywords as well. And so, it's never
been easier to get tons of backlinks to
your website with a few clicks of a
Google Business Profile
button. Backlinks are one of the best
ways to boost your website SEO. But here
are two even easier ways that AI can
help any business rank higher, and
that's through automating update posts
and Q&As's on Google Business Profile.
If you go to Google business profile and
you scroll down, update posts are these
little posts here that businesses can
make on their profile with an image and
a description. And really, this is just
another opportunity for this business to
put keywords in this description and put
a good image that goes along with it.
And this can help businesses rank when
they consistently make update posts to
their business about different services
they offer, um, different promotions
they're doing, etc. And if we go back
here, the Q&As's are down here. So you
can type questions and you can also
answer your own questions as the
business owner, which lots of Q&As's on
your Google business profile. Just more
opportunities to put keywords onto your
profile and get ranked higher for those
different keywords. And so inside of
Search Atlas, if we go into the auto
tool here, we can scroll down and we can
integrate Google business profile into
Search Atlas. And we can go to this GBP
post sections which are those update
posts with the picture and the
description. And it will automatically
post. It'll generate pictures with AI,
but it'll also post and create an AI
generated description. And it'll post
these on autopilot for us. It does it
randomly and sporadically, so Google
doesn't think it's a bot posting them.
It actually makes it look like a real
human is posting them, but it does them
every few days and kind of at random
throughout the week. And it just gives
you tons of good images and just more uh
descriptions, more keywords that it's
stuffed with here now, so you can rank
better for these different things. And
it just shows prof uh activity on your
Google business profile. Shows that
you're doing something and updating
something to your profile, which sends
good signals to Google that you're
actively working on your Google business
profile and you'll get ranked higher
because of this. All you have to do to
set this up is turn this little toggle
switch on and it'll start automatically
posting and AI generating these images
and these descriptions and posting these
to your Google business profile. Same
thing if we scroll down here to the
question and answer suggestions. It'll
AI generate these Q&As's for you. It'll
type out a question and then it'll
answer that question. And all you have
to do is toggle this switch on and it'll
make these updates, these update posts
and these Q&As's to your Google business
profile completely on autopilot every
few days, which will just help rank you
higher on Google business profile, which
is also tied into your website, so it'll
help your website rank higher as well.
Google Reviews
SEO really doesn't get easier than this
one. You can fully automate posting on
your Google business profile with AI.
But there's one last AI tool that seals
the deal in this AI SEO strategy, and
that's automated Google review
responses. Replying to all of the Google
reviews that a business receives is a
great way to boost their SEO, but it can
also be timeconuming to do if this
business is getting a ton of Google
reviews. So, inside of GoHigh Level, we
can fully automate our review responses
using AI. And the way that you do that
is go under the reputation tab. You'll
go to settings and then under this
reviews AI section, we can toggle on
auto responses first. And then we can
set a wait time before it replies to the
Google review. 25 minutes is good. just
makes it look more real, like it's a
real human instead of an AI responding
to it. And then down here, you can
create an AI agent with a certain
personality. You'll just click create
agent. I've got one here. I'll click
edit and show you. This is what it looks
like inside. You can name the agent.
Just usually name it the name of the
business that you're helping um for
their SEO. And then you can have a
instructions for it here. Just a short
prompt. You can select the tone of
voice. I like to do friendly. And then
you can select the language. You can
also make it dynamic where if someone
leaves a Spanish review, it'll reply
back in Spanish. And then review source,
you can um set it up on Google. You can
also do it on Facebook as you can see
here. So it'll auto reply and use AI to
reply to all the Facebook reviews as
well as Google. And then right here,
review type. You can say uh I only want
it to reply to my four and five star
reviews. I typically will set it up to
reply to all reviews. We only we don't
want just the high reviews to get
replied to. We want the low ones to get
replies as well. And then you can have a
footer at the bottom of all the all the
Google review replies saying, you know,
thank you and then the name of the
business. And then you save that. And
now it'll auto reply using AI to all of
the Google reviews uh that are left on
the Google business profile and Facebook
as well. If you guys want to sign up for
GoHigh Level, this is the software I use
here, and that's where I build all of my
smart websites as well that we build to
help our clients rank with their SEO,
you guys can get a 30-day free trial of
it down below this video. And if you use
my link, go High Leo pays me a
commission. So, in return, I'll jump on
two free Zoom calls with you every
single week for life. And I'll help you
grow your agency, and I'll give you over
50 plus custom smart website templates
that were built by my amazing web
designer, Mike. And you get those
absolutely free just for using my
affiliate link down below. If you use
the seven AI SEO cheat codes that I just
showed you, you can get almost any local
business ranked on the first page of
Google and top five on Google Maps
within just 3 to 4 months. But there are
still a lot of other moving parts to
running a successful agency that I
wasn't able to cover in this video. So,
if you want to learn how to start, set
up, and scale your own smart website
agency, then check out my free Highle
Quest community down below.
