12 HOUR AI AGENCY - Build a Profitable AI Agency Fast with Smart Websites

TRANSCRIPT:

You want an offer so irresistible, it practically sells itself. Most high level users exhaust themselves trying to convince clients - I will show you the simple AI offer that does the hard selling for you, so clients are already leaning towards saying yes before you even pitch them.

And the best part is I put this entire AI system into a snapshot, and later in the video I'm gonna show you how to get it for free.

Let's jump right in. So the first thing I'm going to do here is I'm just gonna explain what is going on, what's the business model and really how we're gonna accomplish it in this video.

So you have it from a bird's eye view and you can understand what's going on. I don't want any of this guru hype where, you know, people aren't telling you what's going on. I want it to be crystal clear from the get go.

THE BUSINESS MODEL

So essentially what you are going to be doing. Is you are going to be using this AI system that I pre-built out for you that has ai, voice agents, AI chatbots, calendar, smart website, all of this stuff to help service-based business owners turn their online presence into a 24 7 customer support and sales machine.

So as you see right here with the use of AI voice agents, robots that can talk on the phone, AI chat bots that can message back and forth with you, you know, smart forms, automations, all of this stuff.

What this is going to do is this is going to enable businesses to solve a problem they already have. Which is customer support and sales, which is really something that they struggle with a lot.

And here's the best part, these robots can work 24 7. They can work holidays. They don't ask for raises. It basically is solving a huge problem they already have.

And then when you add in the self selling component that I have added to the system, the AI sells itself. So you don't have to do all this hard selling.

That is the power of this. Okay, so it also saves you time because the AI is going to basically help convince them to buy.

This is huge. Like this is very advanced stuff, and this whole system, everything I've already built out for you, the AI agents, okay? You know, the websites, the automations, and so much more. I've already built it out for you.

You don't have to come in and do all this work, okay? To try to reinvent the wheel. The whole point of this video is for you to get started today.

Okay. I don't want this like going back and forth to you trying to figure out stuff. I want you to have the fastest, clearest way to a profitable AI agency.

We're gonna accomplish all this by using a software called High Level. I have a free trial down below, okay? So you can try this whole thing risk free, but now before we go further, I just wanna say a quick disclaimer.

This is not financial advice, okay? This takes hard work. There is no such thing as a get rich quick scheme if anyone has told you that you're either trying to sell you something or scamming you.

So make sure you understand that this does take work. And this does take effort and this is not financial advice.

PRICING AND TARGET MARKET

So now that you understand the business model, let's talk a little bit more about this system and how we make this thing profitable.

So what I recommend you do with this AI system, we're gonna get more into this later in the video 'cause we're gonna go over everything. You getting clients, the whole nine yards.

But our goal is to sell this system from anywhere from a thousand dollars setup fee to 97 monthly to a $3,000 setup fee into 2 97 monthly.

And what you can even do is you can give them a free trial, which we go over later in the video, and then just charge them per month so you can stack the recurring revenue.

That's the goal of this. We wanna sell this system, from anywhere from $300 a month to $500 a month.

And once you set it up, there isn't a whole lot of work you have to do to maintain it. That's the beauty of it. Once you set it up, you can pretty much forget it other than a couple little tweaks.

So this is like possibly the most valuable thing that you can sell without spending a ton of time doing it.

And this system guys, that you can solve for these price points, you can offer it to pretty much any service based business. So this opens up the amount of people you can sell. Drastically.

You can sell to plumbers, dentists, lawyers, chiropractors, real estate agents, hvac, med spas, auto repair, accountants, electricians, cleaning companies, salons, landscapers

You can sell this to pretty much anyone. And here's the cool part, okay? Not only can you just sell this to, you know, anybody that needs this, you can also sell it to people that already have websites.

So this is huge. Okay. This is like really, really important. A lot of the services you see, these gurus have you pitch online. You can only offer it to a select amount of people. That's why a lot of you guys struggle with this.

With this though, you can sell to so many people and because AI is so new. Very few people have it, and if you don't believe me, you can go to Google, okay? Type in your town, type in, you know, a business, and just look at all their websites. And you'll see very few of them have this AI embedded at all.

So it's like you now have this massive group of people you can sell to, and this makes it so much easier to be profitable, okay? And this is why this is such a big opportunity.

WHY NOW IS THE BEST TIME

Another important thing to note is that now is the best time to do this. When you start early, you win because you're ahead of everyone else. It's not saturated.

People always try to do e-commerce, drop shipping, you know, crypto, all these things that are now it. It's like too late. This right now, I'm making this video is like, no one's really doing this. It's very unsaturated.

If you don't believe me, go to Google, type in the businesses and see if they have any of the elements of the smart website. You will find very few of them do.

Guys, this is pretty much the equivalent to getting Netflix stock when it first came out, Bitcoin when it first came out. You know, all these things that you know, or even selling websites back in 2001.

It's this concept of a blue ocean, okay? It's completely free for you to fish in, okay? There's no competition.

This is so, so important for you to understand, and that's why it is so important to take action now, and that's why I created this video, okay? That has everything A to Z laid out for you so we can get started as soon as today.

That is the goal of this, And I'm telling you guys right now, those who take action are the ones that are gonna win. Not just sitting here watching, kind of tinkering with stuff. You gotta do it now.

That is the power of this thing. And if you do not believe me and you're like, ah, I think Declan, you know, GHO Wizards, just kind of hyping us up, Go online, and look at businesses. You'll see very few of them have this. This is why this is so powerful.

MY CREDENTIALS

And you may be like, well, why should I even listen to Declan? Is this just some prediction or hype? Well, no. I'm actually an award-winning AI SaaS preneur. I've been in this industry for a while.

I'm really good at seeing trends. I've won a lot of awards. I understand this process. And I've seen opportunities come and go. And I'm telling you right now. I have never seen an opportunity bigger than AI in this space.

Trust me, take it from an award winner, take it from someone that has scaled a ton of businesses. This is the biggest thing I have ever seen, and in here I've won a lot of awards. Okay?

And I'm not saying this to brag, I'm just saying this like I know what's going on. I know what I'm doing. I've won AI prospecting awards, I own a hair salon, so I know what it's like to be a service-based business.

I'm a gold sapr winner. I've won the affiliate award. I've won community building awards. I've done so much. I'll have a video pop up on the screen right now for you to see that I've actually done it.

And what you're looking at right now is videos of me winning these awards. This is very serious. This is the biggest opportunity I've ever seen

And that's why so many people in my community are getting so many wins and just crushing it with this stuff. It's because it's unsaturated. No one has it.

And another thing I just wanna quickly point out that a lot of the other guys on YouTube don't have is they don't have experience running a service-based business like I do.

So I understand it from the marketing side and the service side. That's another reason why a lot of the tactics use Win is because I understand what it's like from being a business owner, the psychology of being a business owner. And being a online marketer.

So again, I do have the experience, I have walked the walk. And more importantly, I do see the trends and this is the biggest one I have ever seen.

STUDENT SUCCESS STORIES

And the best part is guys, it's not just me winning, okay? This isn't just about me. Oh, I've got some awards and that's it. I have a ton of students that have crushed it in my community.

And you can see proof of it on the link right down below, which is my free trial. All of these testimonies of people winning, okay? We have screenshots and we actually have so many more than this. This is the crazy part that I didn't include. 'cause the page would be too long.

And again, these people worked hard. It's not just like you come in and immediately win, but like if you actually put in the effort. You can actually make this work. This is a real online business if you're willing to put in the work.

And in my opinion, yeah, I may be a little biased. I've never seen a community with this many wins. I mean, I have people coming in as complete beginners coming out and crushing it. Because they were willing to work hard and follow what I teach.

So I'm telling you guys, this is insane if you are willing to put in the effort.

FREE TRIAL AND BONUSES

And the cool part is if you sign up with that 30 day free trial link down below, you get all of these extra bonuses, okay?

So coaching, you get your live coaching calls, you get. Snapshots done for you systems just like the one you're gonna get for this video. You can see by clicking this down below, you'll get a community and so much more by signing up with this link.

Now here's the cool part. I'm hooking you guys up with a 30 day free trial instead of a 14 day trial, so you can try this risk free.

I don't like these gurus that go online and try to make you buy some expensive course or coaching program. I'm not like that. I wanna see you guys win.

That's why I'm extending a 30 day free trial for you to try this entire system, get all of my bonuses, Plus this entire system that I talked about, this completely done for you. You can start ASAP for free.

Try it for 30 days. If you don't like it, you can leave. That is the beauty of this business model is I have it for you to do it risk free.

I don't want you to have to come in and go, oh, here's my credit card. Oh, man, I don't know if this is gonna work. No. Come in and try it, and if you don't like it, you can leave no money, no sweat off your bat.

That's, that's my goal here. Okay. And again, I know I'm biased because yeah, I run the community, but from the wins I've seen and the amount of people I've helped, I know that you can win if you're willing to work hard. I know it.

So again guys, I recommend you go down below, get the 30 day free trial so we can start building along in this video right now. I'm gonna show you everything. Getting clients, setting up, I mean everything. That's my goal. Okay?

So make sure. If you know you're a complete newbie, you go down below, you sign up for that free trial. If you are someone that already has high level, okay, you can message me for free on social media.

You can see it down below, or you can just keep watching the video so you can see how you get the snapshot for free. So we can go in and we can build together and we can start this thing the right way.

GETTING STARTED - BASIC SETUP

So now that you understand the business model, okay, you understand how big of an opportunity this is. AI is amazing, okay? You understand that? I'm actually legit. I've actually walked the walk and you've seen the people I've helped in this, that this is legit and it's an opportunity for you to join my community for free, which is amazing.

I now want to show you exactly what we're going to be covering

So once you sign up with high level, okay, you should be brought into a page that looks just like this. This may go away, but it's gonna look like this dashboard, okay?

If you are more advanced, okay, just bear with me. We're gonna get into this stuff. But if you're a complete beginner watch and play close attention, we're gonna go through basics of setup.

So first really important thing, if you're a completely new, you might want to take the kickoff call. That high level offers, it's good, it's free, it helps you out. They just walk you through and do a bunch of stuff.

You just sign up, they'll send you emails for it. Also in the community that you'll get access to from signing up under my link, we can kind of show you what to do as well.

But once you are in here, the first thing you're gonna wanna make sure you do is come up with the basics. So like your name, logo, and your payment processor.

SETTING UP STRIPE

So what most people do is they will go to Stripe. You can get here, stripe.com. This is how you collect payments.

Now you do have to have an EIN for this. And if you're just getting started out, and this is just a side hustle You can just use like Venmo, Zelle, cash app, stuff like that.

Obviously you still want to put it on your books and do all that stuff. Or consult a lawyer if you have any questions. I am not a lawyer, so please do that.

But basically have some way to collect payments. 'cause in the beginning it could be a side hustle where you're just. Testing stuff out so you don't have to just 'cause you do need LLC to get this.

Now. If you have any questions about LLCs, drop comments down below and I can kind of point you in the best direction. But right in here to get Stripe, you just click sign in.

You go through the steps, it's very simple. I'm not gonna walk through it because it's private information and I can't fake private information, but it's just gonna ask you questions about your business.

You click the sign in, it'll say, create new account. And you just walk through step by step and you are good to go.

And then once you have that and you have your Stripe account, you're gonna want to come right down to settings and you're gonna want to come right down to Stripe and plug it in right there. Just like that.

Very basic key. Again, you can use chat GBT to give you instructions. I recommend you do that. If you are confused at all, ask Chat, GBT, the easiest way to plug in Stripe.

But other than that, that's really all you can do for the financial side of things. Again, if you don't wanna use Stripe and you don't have an EIN because you don't have an LLC, don't worry.

You can use Venmo Cash App Z and we can kind of guide you further that in the community.

CREATING YOUR BUSINESS NAME

Once you have that, you're gonna wanna come with a, with a business name. So I recommend you do is you come to Ja Chi PT and you just ask it.

Hey. My name is Declan. I am doing an AI agency and I need names for it.

Little pro tip here, please put in the name. Or please put in my first name in the name. This just helps again, guys, more advanced people. We're gonna get through this really fast. Don't worry.

I recommend you pick something with your name in it, okay. Yes, you can have some weird, you know, quantum Nexus name without your name, but so many scammers do that and people get tired of that 'cause it's like, oh, another random brand with AI coming out.

It's better to have like your sort of personality as the brand. It helps a lot. So I would just pick that, find a name you like. And collect it. Declan Intelligence. That's what we're gonna do. Or a Declan AI is better.

CREATING YOUR LOGO

From there, what I recommend you do is you hop on over to Canva, you get a free trial. Okay? I don't have an affiliate link, unfortunately, but you can go and just get, a free trial, or I think you can use it for free.

Type in logo in here. Click create blank logo. And you can come up with a logo very simply. So you can come in here and you can do, marketing. It's not even spelled right, and you can find all kinds of logos with this.

You can do AI or ai, find all kinds of logos like this. You can even do stuff like D for your name, and you find cool logos. You can play with it however, which way you want.

You can add elements, add new stuff, make it look really cool. Then you click share, click download, and you're done.

In the community, we go over extra stuff like this. If you are an absolute new and you need to help, a lot of you guys already know that, but I recommend you get that.

So again, just quick recap. Make sure you. Some sort of payment process in in mind so we can launch ASAP like today. 'cause say in the off chance you do really well and you start prospecting today later in the video and you get a potential lead and they wanna buy your services, well, you want to have somebody to collect it, find your agency name, which is gonna be Declan ai.

And then you want to get a basic logo And then you're gonna download it. And then from there you are going to be good to go.

IMPORTING THE SNAPSHOT

So now that you have all this, we now want to get the snapshot, that has the AI Smart website, which is this bad boy and all the AI agents, because this is what you're going to be offering. This is the business model.

So now you're gonna come right in, you're going to take the, uh, snapshot link that I have in the community. If you can't find it, drop a comment in the community, we'll get you hooked up.

You are gonna copy and paste it when you're in your high level count into your browser, and it's gonna come up with a page that looks like this. You're then going to click Yes, import.

So for the more advanced people, we're ready to get cooking and going through this. So once you have it, okay, it should be an imported snapshot. It should be coming up right as here as the 12 hour Agency snapshot.

And then all we're gonna do is we're gonna come right here to Plus to create a new account.

So if you are more advanced than you already have a sub account you wanted to use, I can show you how to do that as well.

And then once we have the snapshot, okay, we're gonna then create an account for it real quick, just for the more advanced people. If you guys already have Subaccounts, we're gonna come right into here. We're gonna come right in.

We're going to pick this subaccount right here. We're going to click Manage Client Guys. You come right into actions and you would just click Load Snapshot.

You find the exact snapshot you want, which is, the 12 hour Agency snapshot, and you follow the steps very simply and it will import that snapshot to this account. So, very easy, very simple.

What we're gonna do is we're gonna go back to account snapshots. Imported snapshots. This one right here. And what we're gonna do is we're gonna click this plus right here, create new account, and we're gonna click add manual.

This is gonna be creating the account, the sub-account, so we can get this thing started, get this demo set up, and then later in the video start reaching out to perspective clients.

So first things first, you're gonna wanna put in your first name. Guys, this doesn't get any more simple than this. You're just gonna plug in your basic info.

So plug in email. We'll do GHL Wizard Declan. At gmail.com. Okay. Business name. Remember when we did business name? We come right over to Chad, GBT. You're gonna wanna copy and paste your business name.

Very important that you put that in the business niche. We're gonna do marketing agency, and that's the closest thing to an AI agency.

Have business phone. You just put in your regular business phone for now. Then we're gonna do 3, 5, 4. White heart lane. You're just gonna put in your info, it doesn't get any simpler in this Virginia,

We'll do county or Country United. States, whatever you guys are in, please just plug in that stuff. It's so straightforward, but you're just plugging in the basic info.

Then you're gonna click the time zone you want. Then you're gonna look over it and once you have everything good, we're gonna click add sub-account.

So once you see that we have everything and we're like, okay, this is good, we have the subaccount, we're then gonna click actions. We're then gonna come to switch to subaccount, and now we can get started with this amazing demo.

Okay, so guys, again, this video is how to have a profitable AI agency in 12 hours. We We have to cover stuff. I know for some of you guys more advanced. It's a little boring, but for the beginners, it's giving them the proper, foundation they need.

And maybe a brush up for you. But now we're really ready to dig into this demo and to this snapshot, which again is free when you sign up with the link down below.

SNAPSHOT CHECK

So right now we're gonna do a quick snapshot check to make sure everything is there. The first thing you're gonna wanna go to calendars. You then want to click calendar settings. And boom, strategy call. We wanna make sure it's there. So that's the first thing. Check. We got it.

Then what we want to do is we want to come all the way down to AI agents to make sure we have said AI agents. Just click voice AI agent list. Boom, we got Alexis.

Come to conversation ai. Boom. We got Isabella Then we're gonna come right down to automation to make sure we have all the automations in place. Okay. Look at all these. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. We're in luck. We have them. Okay.

Then we're gonna go to sites. Really important. This right here is an agency website. I've created this just as a bonus to you. You don't have to use this, just a website for yourself.

It's awesome. It's built to, you know, generate. Clients and leads. But you do not have to use this, so don't think, oh, I gotta set this up 'cause this is not the point of the video.

The video is to immediately launch an agency the fastest way there. So just know that that's a, a free BF phone in there, even though everything is free.

Websites. Okay. Plumber, AI smart website. We're gonna click this. We're gonna preview link to make sure we have the proper updated version. Perfect. Okay. It's looking good. It's looking good. I love it.

Just to let you know, the chat widget sometimes doesn't go through, but we'll build that very simply, so do not worry.

Then we wanna go to memberships to make sure we have the sales scripts and AI prompts, for extra backup, which will help you a lot and they will save you so much time. They're incredibly valuable here.

So come right in here to AI prompts. We're gonna click it. Boom. Okay. We got AI prompts right here. Perfect. We have all of them, by the way, guys, I'll show you AI promise. There are, but you basically take them, you put them in a chat, GBT, and they generate all kinds of stuff for you.

So, text, email, they're amazing. They will save you so much time. I've also taken all the time and built them for you and they're already tested and pre-done.

And then we have niche change prompt. I wanna make sure this is here too. Yes, it's here. Incredible. I love to see that.

We're then gonna come to AI Sales Script just to make sure we have this one here as well. Perfect. We have it. We are good to go.

So there's a couple other miscellaneous things thrown in here. Tags, I think an extra automation. You know, the website you saw pipeline. There's a couple extra things, but they're not really that important, so we're not gonna really jump into them to do the snapshot check.

But now that we have all these, it's time to make sure everything is configured so we can get this AI smart website up and running today. Then we can start running your demo.

CONFIGURING AI AGENTS

So now what we're gonna do is we're just going to set up everything now. It's already all done, so this process, we can just go so quickly.

That's the beauty of the high level and the beauty of this snapshot I created is the work is done, hence the 12 hour agency we can roll out asap.

So first things first, we're just gonna wanna make sure your AI agents are properly configured, so just follow along.

Alexis is already all done. Like you can switch the voice if you want to. You can play with other stuff, but it's already all set up. It's already set up and it's looking good.

Right here you are gonna want to put, whatever the name you have of the, businesses for this. We have Dave's Plumbing. That is the, demo we have set up.

So I recommend you don't change that because it's already trained on this. But I have a prompt that can switch all this if you want to do. HVAC or landscaping or whatever niche you want, we have that so you can change it.

It's right in the AI prompts, but really, I think you're pretty much good with this because it's very powerful and plumbing is a good example.

Agent goals, again, it's already all plugged up. It's already set in. We got the appointments, the calendar's plugged in. All this good stuff, phone availability.

This is the part where you're going to want to add a phone number in. Now, if you're brand new or you don't have a phone number, you're gonna wanna buy a phone number. They're like a dollar. They're super cheap.

You can click this right here, you'll see. And click add number. We'll just do use this and you'll see right here it's a dollar 50. I mean, it's so cheap. So you can just grab one of those really quickly, I believe there's a way to plug in the existing number.

I'm not exactly sure how to do that, but you can do that. But right now we wanna plug in the number we have right here. And this does not need to be HV verified, just to let you know. So this is really awesome.

We're gonna want to have this agent 24 7. Plug in whatever your time is. I think that's good. And then from there, we're good to go.

We can save. I mean, it's that simple guys. Like I have already done all of the work for you. That is why this video is so powerful is you get this snapshot, which is worth at least seven grand and you're getting it for free and the work is done.

Like you can see. I've put a lot of effort into this. I've really dialed in Alexis and I've done a lot to make this work. So AI agent, once you have the number in is good. Don't worry, we're gonna test later.

CONFIGURING CONVERSATION AI

But first steps first, we wanna make that good. Then we're gonna come to conversational AI and we wanna make sure this is good. So We're gonna come right into Isabella. Make sure a live chat is selected. It's already set as primary bot.

Everything is looking good. Bot training, this is where you can come test it. So you can come in and say hello and it'll basically respond and give you the exact answers you wanna see and then see if it can help you.

Bot goals again. It's already dialed in, it's already properly set up. I mean, you really don't have to do a whole lot more 'cause it's already done for you.

Now, one thing I do wanna let you know is that these are trained off of what's called a knowledge base, which is this right here. So the knowledge base may or may not go through with the snapshot I've had issues with in this past.

If it doesn't, lemme show you a very easy way to do so. Come to Knowledge Base, click Create New Knowledge Base. Okay. We're just gonna do Dave's Plumbing. Okay.

And what this is, is this is a knowledge base of where the AI pulls its info from. The AI doesn't just. Know things. It pulls data from places. And then what the knowledge base does is it pulls info from here.

So we click extract data that it is then going to pull from this right here. And if we come over here, this is the link I have set up. It's right here. You can see right here. It should already be in there, but it's just all things plumbing. I mean it's got everything.

That way it knows about plumbing. So if someone asks it, well my pipe's licking it knows it's trained on something and that's really important. You want to. Plug this in so it is trained.

So, and again, very simple to do. You just add the source plug in this exact thing and it should go through with this snapshot. If it doesn't use this exact link you see right here, and I'm telling you, it will save you a lot of time, but it also make your AI bots work that much better.

So perfect now that we have Dave's knowledge base all set up and we are good to go.

ADDING CHAT WIDGET

Now what we want to do once it's plugged in is we want to go to the website, the smart website, which is this, remember, and add in the AI chat, which for some reason this does not seem to go through the snapshots. It's really annoying. I've told a high level support about a thousand times.

But what we need to do now is we need to plug it in and thank GOD it is very easy to do. So you're gonna come right to chat with it. We're gonna click new. We're gonna click live chat.

This is very simple. We're just gonna name this really anything. We'll just name it Lisa. And from here there's just a couple things we need to do. 'cause everything is properly configured down here. We don't need to go too crazy.

There is other settings if you want to tweak stuff. Make the color look different, the logo. You can, but there's just a couple small tweaks that we wanna make.

So the first thing right here is this. This has to be turned off. I see this all the time. People will leave this on. They're like, it's not working. It's not working. It's like, 'cause you have this turned on.

I mean, you can see right here, keep disabled if using conversation ai, which we are gonna do. So that looks good. And then just make sure that this down here is changed to whatever you want it to be.

And you can do that right. Down here. You just type in business name and you want to put their companies in. And then we're gonna click save. And from there, the chat, which is set up.

So you see how easy it is. 'cause the chat widget is not really much more than a placeholder. It just connects through the conversation, AI bot to then talk to people.

So once we go through these little steps and we have it connected again, guys, it may be in the snapshot. If not, we're just gonna create it real quick like we did.

We're then gonna come to websites. Come to this one right here. We're gonna click settings, and now what you're gonna do is you're gonna click chat widget, Lisa. Very, very important. Then we're gonna click save.

Now what this is gonna do is this is going to put the chat widget on the website And boom, look at that. It now responds just like that. I mean, this is insane. It can basically do customer support and sales 24 7.

HOW THE DEMO WORKS

So now we need to do, because this is pretty much already all set up, we have the smart form set up. Everything is dialed in. We now need to just go over a couple more parts to make sure your demo is ready.

Then I'm gonna explain to you how to demo. Then we're gonna go over some case studies. Then we're really gonna get into you selling clients, and that's really an important part. But I have to make sure I go over this so you understand how this works.

So back in here, if we come to automations, this is a big part of this, 'cause this website is pretty much all good to go. I mean, you don't even have to if you don't want to. You don't even have to set it up on a live domain. That's the crazy part.

Now, I recommend you do that, but you can just send them the preview link, like that's how cool this is. And remember, you sell this same demo to them, but we're gonna get into how this properly works and how you're really gonna convince 'em to buy here in a sec.

But if we come to automations right down here. We have a bunch of different automations pulled out. This is really, really important.

So a lot of these are outreach automations. This is to get clients. We're gonna be covering these later in the video, so don't worry. We're gonna break these down. But these are so valuable. I mean, I'm not kidding you. All the outreach automations are worth at least $10,000.

I mean, I've never seen anything as good. And again, they're free in the snapshot, so please utilize them. 'cause I spent. Too much time on them, and money.

So that's basically it. But we wanna make sure we check these out. 'cause what these are is, these are form submission and lead nurture onboarding. Both of these have a different goal. One is for the client, one is for you.

THE SELF-SELLING DEMO SYSTEM

So in this demo, when they come in and they click this, what this is gonna do is this is gonna give them a free trial for 14 days, but first they have to sign up through it. Very important.

And once they sign up through this, there's then automations that are basically going to help nurture them.

But right now we're gonna be going over these automations, and don't worry, we will cover the outreach automations later in the video. I wanna show you how to get clients, but these two right here, very important.

So we have the form submission onboarding, which is this right here. And what this is, is when they submit a form on the website gate to get a free trial of your service.

It'll basically do the back and forth for you so you don't have to. And then if your clients submit a form, they will have this, which will then nurture their clients.

So it's gonna nurture your leads and then your client's leads. And that brings me to the critical point of, well, how does this entire sales process work? Like how does this smart website work?

Well, when you go out and you pitch this, and when you go out and demo those either in person or through online, their goal is to test out the website.

This is very, very important. That's how they learn what it is. Because if they come in and they call the AI voice agent and then they chat with the AI chat bot, it's selling their clients, that's so important.

A lot of demos sell them only not their clients. So it's selling them on selling their clients. Way more powerful.

And the way we do this is when they first come in, if we refresh this page, I have a popup on this smart website that shows them how to demo.

As you see right here, it's saying call the number above and it even has sound if you want to add that in on the other side. But it's telling them exactly what to do so they see it. You don't even have to tell 'em.

They come in and they're like, okay, let's see what this is all about. It's a live, interactive demo as opposed to a pitch deck you're sitting there blathering on about random crap.

This is probably 'cause it's self selling. The AI is selling for you now. Like really advanced stuff. Very powerful.

And the video is gonna guide them through. But here's the cool part, and this goes back to these two automations when their clients come in.

So if someone wants plumbing, they would click this right here and go, okay, this is cool, because it's selling them. So they plug this in, they come in, they plug in the estimate, this automation kicks in and then nurtures. Their clients behind the scenes for them, right?

So you're like, oh, this is amazing. Okay. And then if we come back here, and by the way, this banner would get taken off if you are using it for a client.

Remember, this is the demo. If they actually want the website, you're not going to be using this exact thing. You would obviously use their logo, and get rid of this banner.

But for them, when they demo it and they click this and they play with it, this guides 'em, okay? We get a 14 day free trial when they click this, okay?

They fill in out all their info. Remember, you can turn these into websites so it, it has a smart form. So whether it, they say yes, they have a website, they don't, and once they fill this in, it then kicks in this automation, which is going to basically start nurturing them based on what they say.

This is super advanced stuff, guys. 'cause if they have a website. That's a different onboarding than if they don't have a website. This is why we can move so quick is 'cause I set up amazing systems for you.

So if they have a website and they'll say, yes, I have a website. Our goal is to add, okay, let's come right over here. The AI agents to their current website, which is very simple.

Number one, we just put the number on their website very simply. And then with conversation ai, which is the chat bot, it's connected to the chat widget.

We would just come to chat widget. We would come to Lisa and I got other videos going in depth on this. If you have any questions, you click get code, you copy and paste, and you paste it on whatever website there is.

This is really important because it'll change the onboarding depending on what they have. That way you don't have to be going back and forth. Do you have this? Do you have that? This sequence warms it up for you.

That way you can use it and then it will do that reach for you. So this is like very powerful, very advanced stuff.

If you're a complete new being, you're like, what even is this? Don't worry. The community, we will answer your questions on this.

For the most advanced people, make sure you have this dialed in and you want to test it one time before, because when they start coming in, okay, and they start trying out your smart website and going through this.

You wanna make sure you have this set up. 'cause the last thing you want is a bunch of people submitting forms. You don't know where they went, okay? You're confused with this.

It'll nurture them for you. So all you have to do is either hop on sales calls or collect credit cards and get this thing started because the AI sold for you.

THE POWER OF THE OFFER

Okay guys, this is so powerful. I know you may think I'm just constantly giving you fake hype, this is something that very few businesses have and they need it.

A lot of you guys are offering services that businesses don't really need. Hey, do you want social media? Hey, do you want this special calendar? Hey, you want this? Like, yeah, it helps, I'm sure.

But this solves a core problem that they're already dealing with. That's not an add-on. They are dealing with problems with sales and customer support. It's hard to find good employees. No one wants to work weekends and no one wants to work holidays.

Boom solution. The AI Smart website template I give you this can do that. So make sure you understand that like this is beyond just some small services is solving a core problem, hence why they'll be willing to pay up to. $500 per month for this service.

Again, quick recap. Once you come in for their clients, they would play with it. This would then sell them, whether they call the agent, it will sell them. And we'll test in a sec. Um, or they will type in here and it will guide them through.

And they'll click the estimate. And then you have this, uh, this automation that kicks off to nurture them. And then for you, if they come in here and they fill out the form right for you.

This automation then nurtures them. That way you can figure out exactly what your sales process. If you wanna hop on a call, you can. If you don't no hard feelings, you can just go through like that.

So that's it guys. It's extremely straightforward. You just get this in front of people. It sells itself and it sells their clients.

So yes, I have sales scripts in here to help you out if you are a really good sales guy. 'cause sometimes you will need to go above and beyond.

But for the most part, this is an extremely powerful demo that leverages AI so you don't have to work so hard, which is incredible.

TESTING THE DEMO

And one of the things I recommend is I recommend you test your AI voice agents and you test your AI chat bots to make sure they're properly working.

If you guys are completely new and you don't know what I'm talking about, the AI voice agent is literally a robot that talks to you on the phone. Yes, it can answer objections, it can talk to you. It can do all kinds of, it can make jokes very probable.

Then the AI chat bot can do all sorts of text response sales. Basically can cover all bases of the digital front of a business.

So I recommend you test this out. That way you can get a good idea of what's going on. But that's your demo, guys. This is what you're gonna be selling.

Please, if you have any questions at all, you're like, what's going on? Drop a comment down below, I will answer or we'll help you out in the private community.

But it's very important that you understand this 'cause this is like a big part of this. So make sure you do it. 'cause this is going to change so many businesses and you're there to help them, which means you can get compensated for it. 'Cause that's a whole other ball game.

FINAL CTA

So if you want the snapshot and you want access to all of my bonuses, all you have to do is go right down below and sign up with that risk-free 30 day free trial. Not a 14 day, but a 30 free trial.

That way you can try it. And if you don't like what you have and you don't like all the coaching, I give you the courses, the community, the snapshots, the trainings, everything you can cancel, risk-free.

You don't gotta pay me anything for all of these bonuses. And again, to do that and to get access to everything we talk about in this video. All you gotta do is go down below and sign up with that 30 day free trial link right now.

And if you have any questions or hesitations, drop a comment down below so I can answer and we can be on the same page.

Thank you so much for watching. If you have any questions at all, drop 'em in the comments down below.

If you are interested in growing your AI agency or learning how to scale and mastering high level and all this stuff with ai, check out the 30 day free trial link down below.

I'm telling you guys, I think you're really gonna love it. It's got a lot of amazing stuff, a lot of calls, a lot of handholding. It's built for you if you're trying to really move fast in the high level space.

Now, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have two videos linked at the end of this video, One is gonna be seven different ways to get clients for your agency. This is really in depth, super tactical.

This is if you already have an agency, you're established and you really wanna learn better ways to get clients, watch that video.

If you are newer and you're really needing, you know, the handholding, all that stuff, I'm a video that's gonna be popped up. Which is going to be all the stuff you are going to get when you sign up with my third day for your trial link down below, all the handholding, the calls, the trainings, everything.

So depending on where you're at, pick either one, and I think it's really gonna help you.

So quick recap. If you have questions, drop 'em down below. If you're interested, check out the link and then pick either one of the videos depending on where you're at.

Thanks so much for watching. And click the video that pops up at the end of the screen.