LOCAL SEO TUTORIAL - Complete Guide to Ranking on Google with Go High Level

TRANSCRIPT:

Our local SEO is silently stealing clients, and most business owners think that they're doing it right, the truth. Everything you are trying could actually be holding you back.

And in this video, I'm going to walk you through step by step local SEO and my free go high level snapshot. That will help speed up this process and help you get results faster.

So there's really five core pieces to local SEO, and these five pieces are gonna be broken down in this video, and you're gonna do them in this order.

Okay? So the first step is the Google Business Profile optimization. That's gonna be the first thing we're covering, and I'll explain exactly what that is here in a moment.

Number two on the list, it's gonna be going over citations, what they are, how to do them, et cetera, all inside of high level.

Number three, reviews possibly, if not the most important part of this entire process. I'll show you how to do that.

Number four is website, properly optimizing, so it works along with the Google business profile.

And then number five is going to be analytics. Seeing what's working, what's not and being able to see how you stack up against your competitors in real time.

So right before we move on to number one, just in case you're wondering who is this guy in a robe talking about local SEO and what does he know and if he's even legit, I wanna let you know I've actually walked the walk.

Not only have I helped tons of business owners with my agency ranking high on Google, I've done it for my hair salon, as you see on the screen right now. And I've also won a ton of different awards online.

Go high level awards, AI awards, tons of different stuff. And one of my core offers was local SEO, getting reviews and doing all this stuff.

So I just wanna let you know before we jump in, I have walked the walk, I'm not one of these other guys in this space that has never done this.

So without further ado, let's move on to number one.

GOOGLE BUSINESS PROFILE OPTIMIZATION

So the first thing we're gonna go over is the Google Business Profile Optimization. So what this is, how to do it, and all the other goodies inside of high level to boost this.

So this is a Google business profile, if you did not know that, and local SEO and the whole point of local SEO is boosting this profile and dominating the local search results. That's what local SEO is.

But Google Business Profile Optimization is one of the core components to local SEO. So if you do not have one of these, you're going to want to build one.

And you can do that by going to business.google.com or just type in, create a Google business profile. It'll pop up and it'll be brought to a page that looks something like this.

And all you're doing is you're using a Gmail and you're signing up and creating it. Okay. Very simple to do.

You just follow the steps and you fill out all this basic information. Here's the thing though, we can always go back and fill this information later. So that part is relatively simple, but you're gonna wanna make sure at the end of the day you have a name, address, and phone number.

It's very important to get this thing started, but you can always come back and update it. Again, you don't wanna go to that website, or if you already have an existing one, which I'm expecting you do, you're gonna want to come right in here, make sure it's pulled up like this so we can connect this exact profile with your go high level subaccount to get this process started.

So if you come into your high level sub account and you come to the launchpad, you will see this right here. The first thing you want to do to connect your business profile is make sure you come in and you click connect, and then you follow the exact instructions that are on the screen.

It's very simple. It's just gonna ask you some questions and you're gonna connect it very easily. So that's the first thing you are gonna want to go through and connect and then once you go through this process, you'll get a check mark to show that it is fully completed like this.

It'll show and look just like a check mark, meaning it has been fully connected. You can also have your clients log in if you create them as a user and they can do this process. Okay? But it's easier, okay, if you just go in and you do it yourself on Zoom or whatnot. 'cause they may get confused.

But another way to connect is if you don't have access to someone's Google business profile, you're still trying to figure out how to get someone's Google Business profile into high level and you can't get on Zoom. Um, And you can't really get ahold of them or they can't log into here.

There is a third option that I wanna share with you, which is going to business.google.com/add.

And when you go there and you can just type in request to Google business profile access. It'll pop up there on Google too. But that's the URL that I just said.

And what you can do is you can type in a name here. So we'll just put salon. We're just don't even know who this is. I'm just picking this, I have no clue. Um, and I could technically go request access and you want to type in the name of the salon you want or whatever you're doing.

And then from there you would click the exact access point you want. Okay, so management or ownership. You're gonna want management. What's your relationship? If you're an agency, you're gonna put agency, your name, your phone number, click that, and then click submit.

And what this is gonna do is this is going to send them an email and then they just have to click approve. In my opinion, this is one of the best ways to get access to GMBs.

Because what often happens, if you're coming in and you're going through Launchpad, it's hard to get ahold of them. They don't know where their stuff is. And sometimes it's easier just to prompt it through an email.

So once you get your Google business profile inside of high level, one of the first things you want to do is you wanna come to this reputation tab and we're gonna want to go to Google Business Profile Optimization. Okay? It's a new feature and it's really cool and it's gonna show all the optimizations you need to do.

'cause one of the big mistakes people make when they come in is they fill out a couple things and they leave it be. They don't fill out their services, okay? They don't put any of their socials.

Well, if you come in here, it'll show you exactly what you need to do. So that's the first thing. You need to come here and you need to make sure everything is filled out as you see right here. Oh, it looks like I can add that. So I need to add that.

But as you see, everything else has been properly added. Attributes, okay? Services. You're gonna want to go in and fill this out, and you want to have it be like this, lots of services, all that kind of stuff. Want the right address. The right hours. I cannot tell you how many people mess this up.

So make sure you do that. What's open, what's not. Then you're gonna wanna get all your social profiles and add in as many social profiles as you have right in here. Then click save. And then reviews. We're gonna go over that. Um, but you wanna make sure, and you want to go through and you do all of this.

Now, really, really important part to this process. 'cause you might be like, okay, I put all this stuff in. How do I have extra optimizations? You're gonna want to put at least 10 quality photos in here. Not just AI generated slop, but real business photos.

This helps so much. Preferably if you can edit the metadata, you can see here when they come in, I have a ton of different photos you can view. You wanna have one of the outside, all kinds of stuff, but 10 is good. Obviously do more. If they have a whole album full of tons of photos, upload them all.

This is images that you upload into the Google Business profile, and this is incredibly important. So make sure you have at least 10 high quality photos.

So now we move on to the last part about the GMB optimization. Really ongoing optimization is the posts, the updates. These are very important. Okay? They're called updates, I call 'em posts, um, for boosting you on Google.

Now, here's the cool thing and this is something I've done for you. I think you're really gonna like, there's a snapshot right down below. You can have it completely for free. You're gonna see bits and pieces throughout this video, it's gonna help you with your local SEO. It's free, you don't even have to sign up with my affiliate. There's a link right down below. Check it out.

But this snapshot's gonna have some AI prompts that are gonna help boost this process. Um, 'cause you're gonna need this.

So in order to get posts, okay, you can come right in here and you can just manually do it through here. Which is kind of tedious, but the better way to do it is to schedule them through your social planner.

So if we come right up here into marketing and we come to Social Planner, you'll see I schedule them. I have them all scheduled, okay?

And in order to create these, it's very simple. You would come right into new post, you click create new post, you come right here, and then you would just click this exact social account you want, and then you're gonna put your posts in and add an image.

Put a call to action. By the way, if you don't know what call to action is, is this right here. Whether you want to call or visit a website, and you'll click schedule post, and then you can schedule it out.

So it's very easy to do this. It's very simple. What I've done is I want to go a step further. I wanna give you a prompt to help you write better posts.

If you go into the snapshot, you'll see, and again, this is down below for free, and we come right in here under memberships and we come right under here into courses and we go to products. You'll see right here, Google Business Profile post prompts.

So we're gonna click this right here, and then we're gonna click this right here and this will all be on the back end for you. Again, the snapshot is just right down below. You'll see it right in here.

So what we're gonna do is we're just gonna copy this entire prompt. Okay, we're gonna click copy, come to chat GPT. We're gonna paste this.

And again, you can use Claude, Gemini has prompts in here. But one of the things I've noticed is when you use prompts like this that are taking a lot of time to build, it gives you better results, okay? And it works really well. You just have to do it.

So we're just gonna put Zoe's hair salon, we'll just put hair salon, leave it just like that. We'll just do Maryland primary service. We'll put women's cuts and color, secondary keyword service.

Um, Brazilian blowout. I didn't even spell that right, but lemme put it right here. Target audience. We will just do moms, I'm just throwing stuff in here, but you're just gonna fill in your info just like this guys, phone number.

And then basically call to action book now, and we're gonna enter and here's what it's gonna do. It's gonna build out all of the posts you possibly need.

And they're good and they're optimized and they have a bunch of other stuff and all you gotta do is find what you like, you know, copy it, come right over here, paste it in, put an image in, you're done.

Technically, if you have the paid version, they can generate images too. You can do that. And these prompts will help boost it. And I've noticed that there's tools like Search Atlas out there and other AI tools that you know, write all the stuff pre-built, but they're not great.

So I still, as of right now, the manual way, the way the AI prompts is now the manual way. Um, is still much better. And it gives really good content.

You would paste this, okay, put your image in, schedule it, and then you're done. And then if you want more, you come in and say I want five more. And it's basically gonna go through and create you as many as you need.

That way you can come right in and you can schedule all of your posts just like that, using this prompt right here that's in the free snapshot below to save you a ton of time.

For a week out, you're gonna want three per week. You can spot check that in here you can see you have posts going out constantly that will help rank your GMB.

It's not gonna solve all your problems, but it's a big step in helping boost this higher up on Google.

And guys, I wanna let you know this isn't just SEO, this is AEO, which is ranking on chat GPT, Gemini, Bard, Perplexity, all these other platforms. This is one of those things that crosses over to the AI and it's really important 'cause it's only gonna become more important in the dawn of AI.

So now we've finished number one, which is Google Business optimizations.

BUILDING CITATIONS FOR LOCAL SEO

We now need to move on to number two, which is citations inside of high level. And the first thing I wanna do before I even show you how to build out citations is I wanna explain exactly what citations are.

So citations, or local listings are online profiles of your business on sites like Google, Yelp, or Apple Maps that show your name, address, phone, and more. There's more than just those three, but those are a few.

They're powerful for SEO because when your info is consistent across many sites, Google trusts your business more, ranks you higher in local searches, and makes it easier for customers to find and contact you.

As you see right here, Google, Yelp, Apple Maps, it's all plugging into your business online and it all leads back to your business. These help boost the Google business profile and your business will rank like crazy.

So to access your listings, you're gonna come right down to reputation management in your sub account, and you're gonna go right into listings.

The first thing we need to do is set this entire process up. So to activate listings, you come into the listings tab and you're gonna click Activate listings. Now you're gonna pick a plan.

Again, they cost money. You have to pay high level for them. So one thing I wanna show you is if you come to Agency View, okay. And go to reselling, this is where you're gonna set the price for all your sub accounts, which is right here.

So you can pick how much you want to charge for it. You can pick, do you want more? Do you want less? You can see the numbers going up right here. And that is for picking the plan.

So you can see it's 32 right here. But if we come right here and we go all the way down to one and we click save, okay? And we come back here and we click refresh. Boom. Look at that. This is now 30 bucks.

So that's something a lot of people get mixed up on is they're like, wait, what are the prices? This is for, if you are reselling this to your clients, you can change the prices on this. That is something you can do. That's essentially how it works.

So you're gonna pick the exact plan you want. Do you want more months? Do you want less months? Do you wanna pay for the year? I would just stick with the monthly plan.

Again, only do this if you're planning on either upselling them or giving them a bigger package. But what you're gonna do is you're gonna click confirm, okay?

And then you come to this page and you go, okay, this is all the stuff we're getting. You can pay with card or pay using your agency wallet. I have other videos explaining that. So we're gonna do charged agency and we're gonna click pay 30 and subscribe.

Then you'll be brought to a page that looks just like this. And this is where you're gonna place in all your information that's going to go on the local listings that gets pushed over to all those Google sites and Yelp and everything.

So you wanna make sure you have your proper business name, the right phone number, the right email address, okay? The featured message you want, you want to pick your category.

So important. You want to pick the proper category, so important. You can pick more if you want. We're just doing hair salon for now.

Really important to have that 'cause a lot of people will put the wrong thing and then it doesn't get categorized the right way. Put the exact address really important, like you have to double check, make sure it's all spelled right, make sure everything looks good.

And then right in here it says, hide my address on directories because I don't serve customers at my business location. So this all looks good. And then you just click Create Listings.

And what it's gonna do is gonna go through and it's gonna start creating listings on Yelp and all these sites. And then you'll see right in here now that you have listings, it's gonna show you business entities, the categories, the publishers, and all this stuff to give you just basic feedback.

So you can come into business entities. It's gonna show you the business here. Then the suggestions gonna give you some stuff that you're gonna want to do, and you can create more entities.

I mean, it's very simple guys. Like it's gonna show you anything else you don't have completed. But that's the way it works. It'll let you know what's fully done and that's it. And then you can just set up guide to figure out more.

So that's what listings are. Guys. They're great for local SEO. I walked you through the entire process. I hope it made sense. Guys, again, questions, drop 'em in the comments down below.

I answer every single one and it takes me forever to answer these comments, but we do it because we wanna help you. So make sure you do that so I can help you out.

And this is what it's gonna look like once everything is pre-populated. It takes a little bit of time. You'll see the exact citations and business info, business details, social profiles. You can add all this stuff and that's what I recommend you do.

You go in and you add all this extra stuff in here, really important, and you basically fill this entire thing out. This is how you really get it a lot more dialed in.

So once it pre-populates, make sure you go through all of that and get it all set up. 'cause it's gonna be other little things like you see in business info and all that stuff. And it'll tell you what to do in the guide.

But a lot of this is really important that you go through because this is gonna show you how to really get these listings dialed in, which is gonna help you boost the Google business profile higher on Google, so you can rank much, much better.

So that's listings in a nutshell. That's how it works. You guys questions, please drop 'em down below. Super powerful. But that's what this does and everything you could possibly need again is right here.

It'll tell you exactly what you can do, how to fix it. But make sure you go through, you fill this up and you follow the setup guide so you make sure your listings are perfect in every which way you can.

If you're interested in learning more about high level and local SEO and AI agencies and all this amazing stuff, I have an exclusive 30 day free trial link right down below. Not a 14 day, but an exclusive 30 day free trial link where when you sign up with that, you'll get access to an entire community with six live coaching calls per week, almost one every single day.

You can attend for free snapshots in almost every vertical. Reputation management, local SEO, the whole nine yards, okay? For free. You get access to tons of AI prompts, tons of sales scripts, okay?

Community where you can message people, you can message me all kinds of stuff and tons of other amazing free bonuses, plus a whole library of trainings to sell high level, master high level, and all of that is free.

When you sign up with that 30 day free trial link down below. I'm talking over $10,000 worth of bonuses for free when you sign up with that link down below.

So make sure you go right down below you, check that out. You're interested. You can look at some of the testimonies on the page. I think you're really gonna like it. Back to the video.

So once your citations go through, it's gonna look like this. It's gonna show you all the places where citations are. You can just click to see where everything is, and it's gonna have a couple other basic details.

The cool part about Yext is you can actually come and you can edit your listings live. With stuff like Bright Local or these other citation builders or whatever you wanna call em, once you put your listings out, you can't edit them. With Yext, you can go back in and edit them through these tabs.

So you have a couple tabs that you're gonna wanna fill out in this order. Follow along. So you wanna come in here and make sure everything looks good, and then click save. So everything looks good. We like it and you can always change it as needed.

Then you're gonna go into business details. The first thing you want to do is put in a business description. You can use chat GPT, or what's already on your Google business profile and paste it in right there.

Then put in your website URL, get the right spot on the map, and fill out your hours. Okay, to make sure it's correct. Extra info, then click save.

Then we're gonna move on to social profiles. This is where you're gonna wanna put all of your social handles right in here, and once you fill out everything you have, you're then going to click save, and this is going to help boost the Google business profile.

Again, we want to have all this built out because on every citation we put out it's not just gonna have name, address, and phone number. It's gonna have all this extra info.

Then we make it to additional attributes where you can put the year you established, any services, brands, languages, keywords. Then click save, and you are done.

Then from there, you can come to media and then you can add your logo and any other photos you want. Then click save. Okay. You want to do that ASAP. It's very, very simple.

Then up here we have a setup guide. It's just gonna go over some basic things. And then over here too, it'll tell you what you need to do and then from there you'll be good to go and you'll be done. Simple as that. Done.

So again, make sure you go through all these tabs and you fill these out, then you'll be done.

You might be wondering real quick, well, why is this stuff unfilled out? Because for the sake of the video, we just created these, and I'm walking you through live and I'm not gonna go through and be shuffling through my computer finding photos and stuff.

Um, so that's why I didn't do that. But just know that's exactly what you want to do, and we'll be doing that off camera. So go through all of these, fill them out ASAP and make sure your listings are complete.

IMPORTANCE OF REVIEWS

So now that we've completed one and two, we now move on to one of the most important parts, which is reviews on the Google business profile.

So first off, lemme break down exactly what these are and why they are so important. So these are the reviews on the Google Business profile. It is where someone goes and rates your business. They go and they leave a review on Google's profile.

Super important for ranking the Google business profile, like really important. It's also more important in the dawn of AI, 'cause Google can check IPs and see if these are real reviews, fake reviews, where the proximity is and boost it on a whole bunch of different criteria.

So these are actually the most important part in my opinion, but also they're only gonna get more important in the dawn of AI.

In other words, what this is, is reputation management. You've heard me talk about that a lot. This is part of it. Local SEO and reputation are very linked. I mean, the tab in high level is called reputation.

So that's what this is. We're gonna be going over how to get reviews for your business profile.

So the first thing you're gonna want to do is make sure that it is all connected. The Google Business profile is in, because it'll make it much easier to get said reviews.

If you don't know how to get the review link, you're going to come onto Google Business Profile. Okay? Come right to ask for reviews and then copy this exact code right here. Come back and paste it in.

Now, when you already have access to the Google Business profile, like I said, through here, and it's already connected, you can easily pull it in. So it's very easy.

But in case you don't have it, then you grab the review link or something's wrong, that's where you'll grab it manually. So that's the first thing. You wanna make sure the link is here, and then if you have a Facebook account and you wanna add reviews, you can add it in just like that.

Now, if you have other accounts and you're doing other things and you're not just doing basic local business stuff, if you go to integrations, you can add other brands in here.

So as you see here, Airbnb, okay, if you're a real estate guy, we have Amazon. Reviews are big on Amazon, eBay, Facebook, hotels.com, TripAdvisor, like Uber, Zillow, it's all through here, the integrations, and you would click integrate and follow the exact steps to get that link in.

Then from there you'll have extra customer review links that we can send reviews out for. Okay? Very, very important.

Now here's the thing, and if you click this up here, review balancing, it is gonna balance and put different reviews on different channels and balance 'em. So they're not all going to Facebook or Google if you have a ton of them.

Then from there, once we have that set up, you're gonna wanna make sure you put in your requests, through the SMS request, email requests, or if you have WhatsApp.

These are what's gonna be where you send out your review requests. And if you come right into reviews and you click this, you will see all of the reviews that you've left, and then the requests, it's gonna be guided through this tab.

Now, I wanna let you know if you are completely new to this and like, well, what does any of this even mean? I'll link a video at the end of this video. It's gonna be a full reputation management tutorial.

I'm expecting, you know, a little bit with a title like local SEO, I'm expecting you understand bits and pieces. So once you have all this, okay, and you have your templates filled out, you can basically put how many messages you wanna send through the templates, pick them and have 'em go out.

But something has to trigger it first, and that's where automation comes in. And that is where my snapshot, which is free right down below, will help you out.

So if we come right into automation, I've put in an automation in here called Send Review Request. It's gonna help you with this process as well. It's right here. It's a very big automation. It's very powerful.

But what this is gonna do is based on the triggers you put in, it is going to go in and make sure that the review requests are getting sent. But after they have been sent, it is taking them out.

So when we come back in here, it's not sending the same review request to the same person that already left a review. It's pulling them out. That way you can basically automate this entire reputation management process where reviews come in on autopilot.

Again, guys, if you're confused about this at all, I have the most in-depth video that'll be linked at the end of this video that goes over everything. I'll explain this more in depth. But that is something that you can absolutely do.

And automating reputation management is critical. And again, this entire automation you see right here, super in depth, super powerful. This whole thing is free right down below and it goes hand in hand with this.

So quick recap. You come here, you make sure your reviews link is put in properly, just like we went over. Then you're gonna wanna make sure you have your proper requests plugged in right through here. You pick the exact cadence, you know when you want to repeat and whatnot.

And then you're gonna wanna set up an automation like this. And again, the video linked at the end of this video is gonna go way more in depth on the nuances, all this stuff. So don't worry if you're confused at all, but this is basically gonna help cover that.

So when we launch this, it can be automated and everything works as is. And you don't have to manually remove people if they've already had a review request sent to them.

OPTIMIZING YOUR WEBSITE

So now that you understand Google Business Profile optimizations, what citations are and how to build them, how to get reviews, we now need to move on to step number four, okay? Which is your website, making sure your website is properly matching your GMB and a couple other things and has the right schema markup and all this other stuff so it can properly rank.

So we come to the Google Business profile, you'll see a website is connected here, and this is the website I have. But here's the thing, you're gonna want to make sure that this properly mirrors the GMB but has a bunch of other stuff connected so it can rank much, much higher.

And what I've done here to make this process much easier, and again, this isn't gonna solve all your problems, but it will make it easier, is in the snapshot right down below for free, if we come to products, in this snapshot, and we go to website SEO prompt, I've created a prompt you can use to generate schema markup text, all the things you're gonna need for your pages to help rank this higher on Google.

So again, we'll come right in here. We're gonna copy this entire thing. We're gonna go right to chat GPT. And guys, this is all free, right down below if you are interested.

And what you're gonna do is you're gonna fill out all of this info. So business name, just like I'm doing guys, website, everything. We're just gonna leave what we got right here.

Again, you guys want to fill this out properly, have it all done. But once we click enter, what's gonna happen is it's gonna come through and build all of this for us to speed up this entire process. This is the power of AI and what you can do from here is we can come in and we can start optimizing pages immediately.

So now we're here and look at this. It generated all of this copy, even schema markup. This is insane.

So now what we can do is we can just copy and paste what we have. So the first thing is gonna be page title. This just spit out all of this copy, meta info, schema markup, all this amazing stuff super simply.

And all we have to do is basic copying and pasting. So you're gonna wanna come to high level, go to sites, go to your website, and then open in new tab.

So the first thing we want to do is we're gonna make sure that we have everything properly dialed in as far as page title, et cetera, et cetera. What we'll do is we'll come right in here, okay? And we're gonna wanna make sure this is the desired color, which we will do white. Again, you put what color you want.

Then we're gonna come right in here to page title, okay? We're gonna copy this and we're gonna come right back here. And we're gonna come right in here where it says SEO metadata. And we're gonna put this in just like that. Boom. Okay?

We're then gonna come right here and we're gonna copy the meta description. Same place right in here. Click paste. Okay. And then you can fill out anything else, like keywords, author, social sharing. But we're just gonna click update for now. Okay.

Suggested URL. We can switch that over here through settings, okay, if need be. And then from here we're gonna go through and we're just going to copy and paste and put all of this in, just like this.

Again, it's more like answer engine optimization, getting it ranked on chat GPT, because it's gonna give all of this stuff. But all we have to do now is copy, come over here, paste, copy, paste, and you just take everything out and you build it out on a page. Simple as that. Okay?

And you can do this for every page you want, or multiple, you just fill in the data that I gave and you can keep going forward. So I don't really know how else to say it. I've spent a lot of time with this, so please use it.

Again, this is all here. This is in the snapshot that is free for you down below. You do not have to sign up for my affiliate. This whole thing is free.

And my main goal here is to help you rank higher on Google. And I really hope this helps, and you should go above and beyond what I've taught you. But this will help you greatly.

So then once you have your page fully decked out and you have everything you want, you're gonna want your schema markups. You see all this right here? Got all this stuff. We're gonna click copy code and we're gonna come right up here to tracking code and we're gonna put it in the header tracking and we're gonna click paste and we're gonna click save.

And then once you have that all dialed in, you just then click save and you are done. And then from there, you're going through and you're doing all the proper website optimizations you're gonna need to rank.

And you can see right here it's building it out for every page that we added in. And guys, these prompts are insane. You get 'em for free down below, I'm telling you, you can't find this kinda stuff elsewhere and it's gonna help speed up your process and your service.

And they're saying the schema markups only gonna get more important the further we go into the dawn of AI. This is really coming in here and boosting the Google business profile and using high level to turbocharge this entire experience so you don't have to spend so much time on it.

Another thing you're going to want to do is embed a map on your website. Really important and it's really easy to do with high level.

So you're gonna come right in here, you're gonna come right down here and you're gonna scroll all the way down until you find Map, and you're just gonna pull your map and place it right there.

Click into your map, click here. Open the search box and find exactly where you need to go. Put in your location. Then click save to make sure that your location is saved.

Again, it's really easy. You click here. You click open search address, you put in the exact location you want, and click yes save, and it will save right there.

This helps tremendously in boosting the Google business profile. You're gonna want this on your pages. Okay, so that's it guys. Make sure if you have any questions, you're confused about this, you go and rewatch it.

'cause that is a very important part to boosting this process. And again, guys, this snapshot with the prompts, the automations, everything I've showed you is free and it is right down below.

So just grab it guys. I made it so it can just help you out and you don't even have to sign up for my affiliate, it's yours. Also, if you have any questions, please drop them down below, and I wanna make sure I help you out by answering them.

ANALYZING YOUR SEO PERFORMANCE

So now we move on to the fifth and final part of this equation, which is analytics. You can't improve what you can't measure, and this is really important for also keeping clients and making the proper optimizations to move forward.

High level makes your data and analytics very accessible. It's one of the things I love about it, and we can do this in a couple different ways. And the whole point of this is to know what's working and what's not working.

So the first thing is, if we go into the dashboard here, you will see all of your analytics to do with the Google business profile. So you can see, okay, I'm getting this many clicks, bookings, calls. You can see all the data to do with what's going here and looking at it through this. You can see it all through here.

What you can also do on top of this, once you see your analytics, you can come down to reporting and you can create a custom report based on this dashboard to send out every week to your client so they can see what's working, what's not.

Little spoiler in the video, I'm gonna link at the end of this video, which is the full reputation management tutorial, I show you how to do a custom dashboard and report, which is even better, which you'll see at the end.

This is just going over just the local SEO components, not the full reputation tutorial. Watch that video at the end because it's gonna blow you away. 'cause it goes over everything.

But that's gonna really show you how you're doing on a month to month basis, so you know exactly. We're getting this much, you know, reviews, we're doing this for that. It's just showing you everything. You also have this tab here, which is gonna show you a bunch of stuff, but data's important. You want to know what's working and then what's not.

But then what we can do is we can go a step further and this is really great for selling extra clients or doing stuff like this, is the competitor analysis tab inside of the overview.

So what this is gonna do is it's gonna allow you to stack up different businesses, their GMBs like this. You can know how they're doing on the local scale.

So if we come to ADD competitor, we're just gonna put random salon and we're going to click enter and we're gonna come right in here and we're gonna pick this right here. We're just gonna click Add Competitor, and then we're going to refresh the page because it is in analysis.

And then you see right here, you see exactly how you stack up next to competitors now. It does take some time to populate, take some time, but you can add up to three competitors and it's just gonna show you okay, how you stack up and then the ways you're better and whatnot.

Again, it takes time to populate, but this is a great way to see how you're doing, compared to your competitors. But this is also a sales tactic you can use to show your clients, to say, Hey, we gotta up the plan here. Let's up the subscription and you can get an upsell.

Because you're showing them like you're clearly not doing well here. Your competitors are beating you out here, and again, you can add up to three competitors and it's just going to show the data on each so you know exactly what you're doing and how you're doing.

So that's a big thing with analytics. Again, you can find a lot of analytics in here. They're in the dashboard. You can send the customer reports down in the reporting section. The reputation section, competitor analysis. You can check that.

This is all really, really important. You can technically come to the GMB optimization tab there. So again, guys, make sure you show your clients the data, you show 'em this. 'cause analytics is a huge part of this entire process, and it's important to show people that you are moving forward.

CONCLUSION AND NEXT STEPS

So that's it guys. Thank you so much for watching. If you want that snapshot, it is free right down below. Go check it out. If you are interested in high level, check out that link below and if you have any questions at all, please drop them in the comments down below.

I answer really fast. Anything you wanted at all, drop it. I'll answer it.

Second thing, and this is really the more important one, is I have a video that's gonna pop up at the end of this video. It's gonna be the ultimate reputation management guide. Okay?

It came out recently, it's super powerful, it's so in depth. It also is gonna show you this amazing snapshot that automates like almost everything. This thing is insane. It's one of my masterpieces.

And I really think if you only know a bit of local SEO and you wanna learn more about reputation management, which is part of it, but it's its whole own operation, I recommend you watch the video that pops up at the end of this video 'cause it's gonna go over everything.

So quick recap, go down below to grab your snapshot. Click the link down below to get high level. Questions, drop 'em down below. And then last but not least, but most importantly, watch the video that pops up at the end of this video.