---
Title: Workflow Trigger - Quiz Submitted
Category: Sites
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004437-workflow-trigger-quiz-submitted
Word Count: 971
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:46:10.946446
---

The Quiz Submission Trigger enables automated actions whenever a quiz is completed. Whether you want to send personalized feedback, segment users based on scores, or assign tasks to your team, this trigger ensures seamless workflow automation.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Quiz Submitted Trigger?
Key Benefits of Quiz Submitted Trigger
Filters Options
Use Case Examples
How To Setup Quiz Submitted Trigger
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Quiz Submitted Trigger?
The Quiz Submitted trigger is a workflow entry condition that activates whenever a contact finishes and submits a published quiz in HighLevel. This feature helps businesses, educators, and marketers streamline engagement, automate responses, and optimize quiz-based interactions. By adding this trigger you can automatically enroll contacts into any workflow the instant their quiz data is recorded, enabling real‑time engagement and tailored journeys.
Key Benefits of Quiz Submitted Trigger
The Quiz Submitted trigger equips you to react quickly and at scale whenever someone completes a quiz.
Real‑Time Engagement:
Respond the second a participant submits their quiz, boosting open rates and conversion
Advanced Filters
: Configure conditions such as quiz name, specific scores, or custom fields to target specific audiences
Custom Actions
: Automate personalized follow-ups, like sending emails, SMS notifications, or assigning tasks based on quiz outcomes
Operational Efficiency:
Remove manual exports and spreadsheet work—scores flow directly into your automations
Scalable Workflows:
Combine with conditional steps, wait times and IF/ELSE logic to build complex nurture sequences effortlessly
Filters Options
Filters tell HighLevel when the trigger should fire, giving you fine‑grained control over which quiz submissions activate a workflow. Advanced filters let you configure precise conditions, such as quiz name, overall or category score thresholds, or custom fields, so you can target specific audiences and decide exactly when the trigger activates.
Below is a breakdown of each available filter type:
Quiz Name:
Select a specific quiz, use Any to include all quizzes or use Is Not to rule out specific quizzes
Overall Score:
Create rules such as is greater than 80 or between 50 and 70 to segment by total score
Category Score:
Target learners who excelled (or struggled) in a particular section
Custom Field:
Reference custom score fields you created when designing your quiz
Use Case Examples
Personalized Feedback for Learners:
Automatically send feedback emails to students based on their quiz scores, helping them improve their learning experience.
Lead Scoring and Segmentation:
Segment quiz takers into different categories based on scores and update CRM records accordingly for targeted marketing campaigns.
Course or Product Recommendations:
Suggest relevant courses or products to users based on their quiz performance, increasing engagement and conversions.
Automated Follow-Ups for Sales Teams:
Assign high-scoring quiz takers to the sales team for personalized outreach and follow-ups.
Event Participation Tracking:
Trigger an action to send event certificates or rewards based on quiz completion and score thresholds.
How To Setup Quiz Submitted Trigger
The trigger activates upon quiz completion and allows for:
Conditional Filtering:
Apply conditions such as quiz name, score thresholds, or category-based scores
Automated Actions:
Send emails, SMS messages, assign tasks, or initiate other workflow steps
Seamless Integration:
Connect with CRM, marketing automation, or lead management tools
Follow the steps below to set up a Quiz Submitted Workflow Trigger.
Step 1:
Access Workflow Settings
Go to
Automation
using the left-hand navigation bar
Click on
Create Workflow
or edit an existing one by clicking the
3 dots
icon next to workflow's name then selecting
Edit Workflow
Step 2:
Add the Quiz Submission Trigger
In the workflow editor, click on
Add Trigger
Select
Quiz Submitted
from the list of available triggers
Step 3:
Define Conditions
Specify filters to determine when the trigger should activate, such as:
Quiz Name:
Select the specific quiz
Score Thresholds:
Set minimum or maximum score conditions
Category-Based Scores:
Apply logic to responses within quiz sections
Step 4:
Configure Actions
Once the trigger conditions are set, define the automated actions:
Send an Email:
Deliver personalized emails based on scores
Send an SMS:
Notify users immediately after submission
Assign a Task:
Create a follow-up task for the team
Update CRM Data:
Log quiz results into your CRM system
Step 5:
Save and Activate
Click
Save
to store the workflow
Publish the workflow to start automating actions based on quiz submissions
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Does this trigger work for all quizzes?
Yes, the trigger can be applied to any quiz created within the platform.
Q: Can I integrate this with third-party tools?
Yes, you can connect the quiz submission trigger with external tools like CRM systems, email marketing platforms, and automation tools via integrations.
Q: Can I use multiple actions in one workflow?
Yes, you can configure multiple actions (e.g., sending emails, updating CRM data, and notifying teams) within a single workflow based on quiz results.
Q: Can I add a quiz into a website page or funnel step?
Yes! Go to the quiz you would like to add, click the
Embed
button and copy the embed code. Then navigate to the website page or funnel step and add a custom code element. Copy the embed code into this element and preview the page to see the quiz added.
Related Articles
Quiz Builder Guide
Workflow Trigger - Survey Submitted
How to Assign Categories and Scoring in Quizzes With Dynamic Result Messages - A Complete Guide!
How to Send a Certificate After Passing a Quiz or Assignment
Getting Started with Workflows
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
