---
Title: Custom Product Details Page for E-commerce Stores
Category: Sites
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000006238-custom-product-details-page-for-e-commerce-stores
Word Count: 970
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:44:28.577052
---

Custom Product Details Page (PDPs)
in HighLevel let you build dedicated, on-brand pages for individual products—perfect for richer storytelling and higher conversions. Use the builder you already know to design, assign, and manage PDPs that override the default product detail experience. Routing from Product Listings Page (PLP), featured sections, and direct links automatically respects your mapping, with a safe fallback to the default PDP if needed. This guide walks you through benefits, setup, and best practices.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Custom Product Details Pages for E-commerce Stores?
Key Benefits of Custom Product Details Pages for E-commerce Stores
How To Setup Custom Product Details Pages for E-commerce Stores
Assigning, Reassigning & Managing Products
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is Custom Product Details Page for E-commerce Stores?
Custom Product Details Pages are purpose-built product pages you create in HighLevel’s Site/Store Builder and map to specific products. Instead of relying on a
single default PDP
, you can craft unique layouts and messages per product while keeping store navigation intact. When a product has a Custom PDP, shoppers who click it from the Product List Page (PLP), featured sections, or any link will be taken to that custom page.
Custom PDPs expand your control over merchandising and brand expression at the product level. By pairing a product with a bespoke page, you can highlight unique value props, upsells, and media—without disrupting your store’s standard flow.
Key Benefits of Custom Product Details Page for E-commerce Stores
Understanding the practical wins helps you decide when to create a Custom PDP and how it improves both UX and operations.
Enhanced storytelling:
Showcase rich content—benefits, demos, reviews, FAQs—tailored to each product.
Personalized design:
Use custom layouts, media, and elements to match your brand and product identity.
Accurate routing:
Clicks from PLP, featured sections, and any product link go to the Custom PDP when configured.
Single association:
Each product maps to one Custom PDP at a time; switching pages updates the association automatically.
Safety fallback:
Deleting a Custom PDP automatically returns mapped products to the default PDP.
Operational efficiency:
Assign/reassign products quickly via the creation modal or the page/editor settings.
How To Setup Custom Product Details Page for E-commerce Stores
Follow this end-to-end checklist to go from “idea” to published, tested PDPs. Proper setup prevents routing or visibility surprises.
Prerequisites
At least one
Product
created (Payments → Products) and included in your online store.
Access to
Site/Store Builder
in your sub-account.
Confirm which store/site you’re editing.
Setup steps
Go to
Sites
→
Stores
→ Select the Particular Store
→
Add New Page
.
Turn on
Custom Product Details Page
. In the modal,
search/select
product(s) to map.
Build your layout using PDP elements (images, details, CTAs,
Related Products
).
Use the editor to build conversion-focused product pages. PDP elements and global text settings still apply, so you can combine Custom PDP layouts with store components you already use.
Design tips
Drag in PDP-friendly elements (images, video, features, reviews,
Related Products
, etc.).
Use
Text Customization
to localize labels and messaging across PDP elements.
Keep key actions (Add to Cart/Buy Now) above the fold; repeat CTAs on long pages.
Reuse blocks/components across product pages to stay consistent.
Click
Save
and
Publish
.
Sample Preview:
Assigning, Reassigning & Managing Products
Product-to-page mapping controls where shoppers land. Learn how to map initially, switch mappings later, and confirm which products are associated.
During page creation:
Use the assignment modal to map products to the new Custom PDP.
After creation (reassign):
Open the Custom PDP in the builder, select the relevant product element or page settings, and use the
Settings
panel to update the
product assignment
.
Single association rule:
Assigning a product to a new Custom PDP automatically removes it from the previous one.
Navigation from Product Lists Page (PLP )or Featured Sections:
Navigation from product lists or featured sections will always route to the correct PDP (custom or default).
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can a product be assigned to more than one Custom PDP?
No. Each product can be linked to only one Custom PDP at a time. Assigning it to a new Custom PDP removes the previous association.
Q: What happens if I delete a Custom PDP?
A: All associated products automatically revert to the default product detail page.
Q: Do clicks from the PLP and featured sections respect Custom PDP mapping?
A: Yes. Navigation routes to the Custom PDP when configured; otherwise, to the default PDP.
Q: How do I switch a product to a different Custom PDP?
A: Open the new PDP, assign the product via the modal or the page/editor
Settings
, Save, and Publish. The old association is removed automatically.
Q: Does this change SEO or existing product links?
A: The Custom PDP uses its own page URL/slug. When a product is mapped, shoppers reaching the product via PLP, featured sections, or links are routed to the Custom PDP.
Q: Do PDP elements like “Related Products” work on a Custom PDP?
A: Yes. PDP-compatible elements and
Text Customization
settings work on Custom PDP layouts.
Related Articles
How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)
How to Sort and Filter Products in HighLevel Ecommerce Site Builder
Manual Product Sorting on Product List Page in Ecommerce Stores
Related Product element for Ecommerce stores
How to Suggest Related Product(s) in Your Product Details Page
Text Customization in Ecommerce Stores
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
