---
Title: "Add Contact" Form Upgrade and Customizations
Category: Contacts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000006513--add-contact-form-upgrade-and-customizations
Word Count: 1021
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:41:53.728885
---

HighLevel’s upgraded
Add Contact
sidebar streamlines contact creation and keeps your CRM consistent. Admins can choose which fields appear (including custom fields), set required fields, and reorder the form to match team workflows. The result is faster data entry, better data quality, and a consistent experience across desktop and mobile.
IMPORTANT:
Add Contact Modal — Upgrade & Customization is currently available in
Labs
. If you don't see it, ask an admin to enable it at
Agency settings > Labs
. For more, refer to
Labs features - Complete overview
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Add Contact Modal Upgrade and Customisation of Contact Form?
Key Benefits of the Add Contact Modal Upgrade & Customization
Admin Permissions & Access
Duplicates & Data Quality Tips
How To Setup the Customization of the Add contact Modal
Accessing the Add Contact Modal
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Add Contact Modal Upgrade and Customisation of Contact Form?
The upgraded Add Contact experience replaces the classic pop-up with a modern slide-out and adds admin controls for which fields show up and in what order. By aligning the form with your process and using required fields for must-have data, you reduce errors at the source and standardize intake across your team.
Designed for productivity, the slide-out modal supports
standard
and
custom fields
,
drag-and-drop field ordering
,
field-level Required
toggles,
Preview
, and
unsaved-changes
protection. Admins define the layout once; all users then enjoy a consistent, responsive create flow with Save and Save & Add Another
actions.
Key Benefits of the Add Contact Modal Upgrade & Customization
These benefits focus on speed, data accuracy, and governance—so you capture the right data the first time.
Faster entry:
Slide-out UI keeps you on the page while creating contacts.
Cleaner data:
Show only the fields your team actually needs; hide the rest.
Higher quality:
Make critical fields required (for example,
Contact Type
) to prevent incomplete records.
Works with custom fields:
Include
contact-level custom fields
so your unique data points are captured at creation.
Admin control:
Admins govern the layout so standards stay consistent while users focus on selling.
Admin Permissions & Access
Limiting layout control to admins protects your data model while allowing end users to focus on selling and support.
Who can customize the layout?
Admin-level users in the sub-account (via Roles & Permissions).
Who can create contacts?
Any user with access to the Contacts area can open
Add Contact
and use the configured form.
Duplicates & Data Quality Tips
Contact intake quality depends on how duplicates are handled. Configure deduplication preferences so new entries behave the way you expect.
Configure
Settings → Business Profile → Contact Deduplication Preferences
to control matching behavior (choose primary/secondary match fields like
Email
or
Phone
).
CSV imports
always check email/phone and merge matches—duplicates cannot be created via CSV.
If duplicates slip in from forms or integrations, you can
merge up to 10 contacts
and choose a master record.
How To Setup the Customization of the Add contact Modal
A short, sequenced setup prevents rework and ensures your team starts in a smooth, consistent state.
Step 1: Open the Add Contact sidebar
In your Sub-Account, Go to
Contacts → Smart Lists → + Add Contact
to launch the modal.
Step 2: Customize the form (admins)
Click
Customize Form
→ Add/Remove
standard
and
contact-level custom
fields; drag to reorder.
Step 3: Set required fields
Turn on
Required
for any field that
must
be completed before saving the contact form.
Step 4: Preview & Save
Use
Preview
to validate, then save the layout for your team.
Step 5: (Optional) Automate next steps via Workflows
Use a
Contact Created
trigger in a
Workflow
to send welcomes, assign owners, or tag new contacts automatically.
Accessing the Add Contact Modal
Everyone on your team uses the same entry point to create new contacts, ensuring a consistent, predictable experience.
Go to
Contacts → Smart Lists → + Add Contact
to launch the slide-out modal.
Complete the required fields, then choose an action:
Save
to create the contact
Save & Add Another
for rapid back-to-back entries, or
Cancel
to exit without saving
Note
:
If you try to close the modal without saving changes,
you’ll get an unsaved-changes prompt
to confirm.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Who can customize the Add Contact form layout?
Admin-level users in the sub-account (via Roles & Permissions). Regular users use the configured form.
Q: Can I include custom fields on the Add Contact form?
Yes. Any
contact-level custom field
can be added, reordered, and marked required. Manage fields in
Settings → Custom Fields
.
Q: How do I prevent duplicate contacts during intake?
Configure
Contact Deduplication Preferences
(choose email/phone matching). CSV imports auto-merge by email/phone and can’t create duplicates.
Q: What automations pair well with this?
Start with a
Contact Created
workflow to assign owners, tag by source, and send welcomes; use
Create Contact
and
Update Contact Field
actions as needed.
Q: Does “Save & Add Another” keep the previous values?
It creates the contact and reopens a blank form for the next entry. Use workflows to auto-apply tags/owners if you need consistency.
Q: Do modal-required fields affect CSV imports or API creates?
No. Required rules in the Add Contact modal apply to manual entry only. CSV imports and API requests have their own validations.
Q: Will users see my layout changes immediately?
Yes for new sessions; existing users may need to refresh the Contacts page to load the latest configuration.
Related Articles
Getting Started - Create New Contact
How to Use Custom Fields
Contact Types
Allow Duplicate Contacts (Contact Deduplication Preferences)
How to Merge Duplicate Contacts in HighLevel
Workflow Trigger - Contact Created
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
