---
Title: Searching an Object Record
Category: CRM
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003913-searching-an-object-record
Word Count: 521
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:59:22.389645
---

This feature allows admins to configure which fields are searchable for their location.
Once updated, this change reflects for all users and impacts every place where the object can be searched, enhancing the flexibility and customization of searches.
In This Article
Feature 1 - Configuring Searchable Fields for Your Organization
Feature 2 - Admin Only Access
Feature 3 - Changes Apply Globally
Feature 4 - Regex Searc
h
How to update your searchable fields?
Feature 1 - Configuring Searchable Fields for Your Organization
Admins now have the flexibility to update the fields that are searchable for objects such as Contacts, Opportunities, and Custom Objects. This feature allows for streamlined search customization and offers regex search capabilities for speci
fic fields.
For Contacts and Opportunities - you can search for upto 6 fields.
A minimum of 3 characters need to be added in the search box for any search to execute.
For Contacts - Contact Name, Phone Number and Email Address are mandatory and cannot be removed from the searchable fields.
For Opportunities - Opportunity Name cannot be removed from the searachable fields.
Feature 2 - Admin Only Access
The ability to configure searchable fields is available
only to admins
. Users do not have the ability to make these changes.
Feature 3 - Changes Apply Globally
Once the change is applied, the change will reflect across all contact search bars in the platform.
For Contacts, that includes:
1. Contacts Search bar
2. Global Search Bar
3. Creating a new message in Conversations
4. Creating a new appointment in Calendars
5. Creating and Updating Tasks in Contacts
6. Contacts and Additional Contacts fields in Opportunities
And also across the following modules:
Dashboard
Workflows
Forms
Surveys
Payments
Invoices
Documents & Contracts
SaaS
Affiliate Manager
Emails
Client Portal
Custom Objects
Feature 4 - Regex Search
Users can take advantage of regex for more tailored searches.
However, please note that regex will not work on fields like contact names, phone numbers, monetary values, numeric fields
and other similar fields.
Regex supports:
*abc
: Searches for records ending with "abc."
*abc*
: Searches for records containing "abc."
abc*
: Searches for records starting with "abc."
Regex search does not work on fields like contact name, phone numbers and monetary values
How to update your searchable fields?
Launch the Subaccount > Settings > Custom Fields
Go to the kebab menu (3 dots) on the top right and click on "Edit searchable fields"
Select the object you want to update the searchable fields for.
Select fields that you want to mark Searchable.
Save and confirm the changes.
The searchable fields are now updated for all modules and users in this account.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
