---
Title: Contact Types
Category: Contacts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-types
Word Count: 640
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:42:17.631646
---

This article explains how to set up and use Contact Types in HighLevel to better segment and manage your contacts. Contact Types are dropdown fields that help define what kind of relationship you have with a contact, such as “Lead,” “Client,” or “Prospect.”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is a Contact Type?
Key Benefits of Contact Types
How To Set Up Contact Types
How To Assign a Contact Type
Filtering Contacts by Type
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is a Contact Type?
Contact Type is a customizable dropdown field used to define the role or status of a contact in your system. It helps with segmentation, targeting, and automation. You can assign Contact Types manually or dynamically through workflows.
When creating a new contact, Contact Type is a mandatory field, requiring the user to select from predefined dropdown values. Each contact can have only one Contact Type at a time, which makes this field ideal for high-level segmentation based on relationship status or lifecycle stage.
Key Benefits of Contact Types
Organizing your contacts by type enables better segmentation, automation, and targeting in your campaigns. This section outlines the main advantages.
Simplify segmentation and filtering of contacts
Automate marketing and nurturing flows based on contact status
Enables targeted Smart Lists for email, SMS, and workflows
Easily customizable to fit any business or agency model
Works seamlessly with other organizational tools like tags and categories
How To Set Up Contact Types
Learn how to add, edit, or delete Contact Types through the Custom Fields section. This is where you configure the labels that define each type.
Navigate to
Settings > Custom Fields
Locate the
Contact Type
custom field
Check the box next to Contact Type. Click the blue
Bulk Actions
button then choose
Edit
from the dropdown.
Add, rename, or delete options like “Lead,” “Client,” “Cold Prospect”
How To Assign a Contact Type
You can assign Contact Types while creating or editing a contact or dynamically using workflows. Here's how to do it.
Manual Assignment
:
Navigate to the
Contacts
tab
Click on the desired contact
Click the
Contact
Type
dropdown and choose the contact type
Assign via Workflow
:
Add an
Update Contact Field
action to a workflow
Add a field and select
Contact Type.
Then select the desired contact type
Filtering Contacts by Type
Segmenting your contact list by Contact Type helps you send targeted messages and build Smart Lists for automation.
Go to
Contacts > Smart Lists
Click
More Filters
then select
Type
Choose a Contact Type to filter by
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I have multiple Contact Types on one contact?
No. Contact Type is a single-select dropdown field. Use Tags for multi-labeling.
Q: Can I use Contact Type as a trigger in workflows?
Yes. Use the Contact Changed trigger to fire automations when the Contact Type is updated.
Q: Can I rename or delete a Contact Type after it’s in use?
Yes. Renaming or deleting values will update them across all contacts.
Q: Can I bulk update Contact Types for multiple contacts at once?
Yes. You can use the bulk action feature in Smart Lists to apply the “Update Contact Field” action to multiple selected contacts and set a new Contact Type for all of them.
Related Articles
Workflow Action - Update Contact Field
Workflow Trigger - Contact Changed
Workflow Action - Create Contact
How to Use Custom Fields
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
