---
Title: Contact Summary Agent in Ask AI
Category: AI Employee
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005484-contact-summary-agent-in-ask-ai
Word Count: 853
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:40:20.242617
---

The Contact Summary Agent is a new AI-powered feature within HighLevel Copilot’s Ask AI tool, designed to instantly summarize contact records and answer detailed questions about any contact. This feature streamlines how you access and interpret contact data, saving you time and providing actionable insights with a simple, conversational prompt.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Contact Summary Agent?
Key Benefits of the Contact Summary Agent
Instant Contact Summaries
Conversational Q&A
Time Savings and Improved Accuracy
How To Use the Contact Summary Agent
Step 1: Access the Feature
Step 2: Interact with the Agent
Step 3: Select a Contact
Step 4: Review the Summary
Using Conversational Prompts
Supported Data Types
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Contact Summary Agent?
The Contact Summary Agent is an intelligent skill within HighLevel’s Copilot that consolidates scattered contact information, such as communications, payments, appointments, and tasks—into a single, easy-to-understand summary. By leveraging natural language processing, it allows users to ask questions or request summaries about any contact, providing instant, human-like responses without the need to navigate multiple tools or screens.
This tool is especially valuable for agencies and teams that manage large volumes of client data, as it transforms fragmented records into clear, actionable overviews, supporting better client engagement and faster decision-making.
Key Benefits of the Contact Summary Agent
The Contact Summary Agent offers several advantages that help users work more efficiently and make informed decisions:
Instant Contact Summaries
View recent communications and activity logs at a glance.
Access financial insights, including total payments and outstanding balances.
See upcoming appointments and booked sessions.
Identify open tasks and deal opportunities.
Analyze engagement trends across different systems.
Conversational Q&A
Ask natural questions like “When was our last interaction with this contact?” or “What’s their payment history?”
Receive quick, human-like answers without any setup or training.
Eliminate the need to search through multiple tabs or records.
Time Savings and Improved Accuracy
Reduce manual data gathering and interpretation.
Ensure you always have the latest, most relevant information at your fingertips.
How To Use the Contact Summary Agent
Setting up and using the Contact Summary Agent is straightforward, ensuring you can access insights with minimal effort. Proper setup ensures you get the most accurate and comprehensive summaries for your contacts.
Step 1:
Access the Feature
Login to your HighLevel account.
Click on the
Ask AI
tool from the main menu.
Step 2:
Interact with the Agent
In the Ask AI chat window, click on the "
Summarize a contact
" suggestion.
You can also type a prompt such as “
Summarize a contact
" and click on the
submit
button.
Users can also ask specific questions about a contact’s history, payments, tasks, or appointments (e.g., “What’s their payment history?”).
Step 3:
Select a Contact
Select your
desired contact
from the list of existing contacts.
Click on the
Submit
button.
Step 4:
Review the Summary
The Contact Summary Agent will instantly
generate a summary or answer your question
using the latest data from across your HighLevel account.
Use the insights provided to follow up, schedule meetings, or update records as needed.
Using Conversational Prompts
The Contact Summary Agent is designed to understand natural language, making it easy to get the information you need without memorizing commands.
Ask open-ended questions like:
“What tasks are pending for John Doe?”
“When is Jane Smith’s next appointment?”
“How much has Michael Johnson paid so far?”
Combine summary and specific queries for deeper insights.
Supported Data Types
The agent pulls from a wide range of contact-related data sources to provide comprehensive summaries.
Communication logs (emails, calls, SMS)
Notes and activity history
Payment records and outstanding balances
Appointments and session bookings
Tasks and deal pipelines
Engagement analytics
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Do I need to configure anything before using the Contact Summary Agent?
No setup is required—simply access Ask AI and start asking questions or requesting summaries.
Q: What types of questions can I ask the Contact Summary Agent?
You can ask for summaries or specific details about a contact’s communications, payments, tasks, appointments, and more.
Q: Will the Contact Summary Agent work with all my contacts?
The agent works with any contact record in your HighLevel sub account, provided there is data available.
Q: How does the agent ensure data accuracy?
The Contact Summary Agent pulls real-time data from your HighLevel system, ensuring summaries are always up to date.
Q: Is my data secure when using the Contact Summary Agent?
Yes, all data is processed securely within the HighLevel platform, following standard privacy and security protocols.
Related Articles
Getting Started - Create New Contact
AI Employee Overview
How To Delete Contacts and Their Data
Bot Status for Individual Contacts
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
