---
Title: Calendar: Email, In-App, SMS & Whatsapp Appointment Notifications
Category: Calendars & Appointments
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-calendar-email-in-app-sms-whatsapp-appointment-notifications
Word Count: 1224
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:48:24.465164
---

With customizable calendar notifications, you can send In-App and tailored emails, SMS and WhatsApp messages when appointments are booked, canceled, rescheduled, or need reminders or follow-ups. Notifications can be configured for Contacts, Guests, Users, and any additional email addresses/phone numbers you specify. This feature allows you to streamline notifications to suit your business needs, ensuring effective communication with your customers
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What are Customizable Calendar Notifications?
Available Notification Options
How to Set Up Appointment Notifications
Email Appointment Notifications
In-App Appointment Notifications
SMS Appointment Notifications
Whatsapp Appointment Notifications
Important Note
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What are Customizable Calendar Notifications?
With customizable calendar notifications, you can send In-App and tailored emails, SMS and WhatsApp messages when appointments are booked, canceled, rescheduled, or need reminders or follow-ups. Notifications can be configured for Contacts, Guests, Users, and any additional email addresses/phone numbers you specify. This feature allows you to streamline notifications to suit your business needs, ensuring effective communication with your
Available Notification Options
You now have the option to set up six different types of appointment notifications. These notifications can be either email notifications and/or in-app notifications.
Appointment Booked (Unconfirmed Status):
Sent immediately when an appointment is booked with the unconfirmed status.
Appointment Booked (Confirmed Status):
Sent immediately when an appointment is booked with the confirmed status confirmed or when an appointment's status is updated to confirmed.
Cancellation Email:
Sent when an appointment is canceled, marked as no-show, or deemed invalid.
Reschedule Email:
Sent when the appointment date or time is changed.
Reminder Email:
Sent before the appointment based on the timing you configure.
Follow-Up Email:
Sent after the appointment based on the timing you configure.
How to Set Up Appointment Notifications
You can manage email notifications at the individual calendar level. Follow these steps to configure your settings.
Step 1:
Navigate to the Notifications Tab
Go to
Calendar > Calendar Settings.
Select the calendar you wish to configure.
Click on the
Notifications
tab.
Step 2:
Customize Your Notifications
You have several options to customize each notification type to give you, your team, and your customers the best experience possible!
Customize Content
for each receiver type: Contact, Guest, User, or Additional Emails/Phone Numbers.
Disable Notifications
for certain receiver types if you do not want them to receive a specific notification
Email Appointment Notifications
You will see a list of all notification types. Click on the one you'd like to configure, then go to the
Email
tab. Ensure the toggle is turned on.
Choose an existing email template or directly customize the subject line and email body. To remove the selected template, click on the first option (
None
) in the email dropdown list.
Optionally, send a test email to see how the notification looks.
For
Reminders
and
Follow-Up Emails
, configure when the email should be triggered:
For
Reminders
, set how far in advance the email should be sent before the appointment.
For
Follow-Up Emails
, set how long after the appointment the email should be sent. You can also add multiple trigger timings if needed.
Save Your Settings
once you’ve configured the email notifications for each type and receiver.
In-App Appointment Notifications
From the list of notification types, Go to the
In-App
tab.
Choose the Users to Notify
Ensure that the toggle is turned on
Here, you can choose which users should receive the notification.
Configure Time Triggers for Reminders and Follow-Up Notifications
For
Reminders
and
Follow-Up
notifications, you can set when the notification should be triggered.
Reminders:
Specify how far in advance the notification should be sent before the appointment.
Follow-Up:
Specify how long after the appointment the notification should be sent.
SMS Appointment Notifications
From the list of notification types, Go to the
SMS
tab.
Choose recipients:
Contact
,
Assigned User
, or
Additional Phone Numbers
.
Choose an existing SMS template, edit the SMS template if needed or create a new one.
Optionally, send a test SMS to see how the notification looks.
For
Reminders
and
Follow-Up SMS
, configure when the SMS should be triggered:
For
Reminders
, set how far in advance the SMS should be sent before the appointment.
For
Follow-Up Emails
, set how long after the appointment the SMS should be sent. You can also add multiple trigger timings if needed.
Save Your Settings
once you’ve configured the SMS notifications for each type and receiver.
Whatsapp Appointment Notifications
Select a notification type and go to the
WhatsApp
tab. Turn the toggle
on
to enable it.
Choose recipients:
Contact
,
Assigned User
, or
Additional Numbers
.
Choose or create an
approved template
for the desired notification type.
Use
Send Test WhatsApp Notification
to preview how the message will appear.
Click
Save
to activate WhatsApp notifications.
Important Notes
In-App Notifications:
The in-app notification configuration is customisable - for example, you can turn on the confirmation notification for the calendar but keep all other types turned off.
For
Event Calendars
, the default setting is that account admins will receive the notifications.
For other calendar types, the
assigned user
will be selected by default to receive notifications.
Email Notifications:
Additional Emails
refers to any extra recipients you want to notify. Simply add their email addresses, and they’ll receive the notifications as well.
You can create your email templates through the
Email Builder
in
Marketing module > Emails > Templates.
Ensure you have added a
subject line in your email template
for successful delivery.
If you have enabled the
Add Guest
function and have included a custom form, you can send that custom form to the guest as well. Enabling this option will send a system-generated email to guests with a link to the custom form once their appointment is confirmed. To prevent duplicate emails, ensure a separate confirmation email is not already set up for guests (verify this in the Notifications tab under
Confirmation Notification
).
SMS Notifications:
Additional Phone Numbers
refers to any extra recipients you want to notify. Simply add their phone number(s), and they’ll receive the notifications as well.
Phone numbers must
include country codes
for successful delivery.
SMS messages are billed per segments and are subject to charges. Keep them concise to manage costs.
Whatsapp Notifications:
Ensure your
WhatsApp Business Account
is connected and verified.
Only
approved WhatsApp templates
can be used.
Use
Fetch New Templates
to refresh available templates.
Always test templates for formatting and content before enabling.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I personalize SMS with appointment details?
Yes. Use
Custom Values
like
{{contact.name}}
,
{{appointment.start_time}}
, and
{{appointment.time_zone}}
in your template.
Q: Does SMS support all appointment events?
Yes, Unconfirmed, Confirmed, Cancellation, Reschedule, Reminder, and Follow-Up.
Q: How do I test without notifying the client?
Use Send Test SMS with a personal or team test number.
Related Articles
How To Create Service Calendars
Getting Started - Setup A Booking Calendar
SMS Templates (Snippets) - Overview
How to Configure SMS Compliance Settings
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
