---
Title: How to Customize Payment Links with Your Brand Colors
Category: Payments
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005607-how-to-customize-payment-links-with-your-brand-colors
Word Count: 587
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:49:51.318016
---

Make your payment experience seamless and on-brand with HighLevel's Payment Link customization features. Easily match your payment links to your brand's colors and style, ensuring a professional and cohesive look for every transaction.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Payment Link Customization?
Key Benefits of Payment Link Customization
How to Customize Your Payment Links
Brand Board Integration
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is Payment Link Customization?
Payment Link Customization in HighLevel allows you to personalize the appearance of your payment links to reflect your brand identity. By integrating your Brand Board or selecting custom colors, you can ensure every payment interaction looks and feels like your business, building trust and consistency for your customers.
Key Benefits of Payment Link Customization
Personalizing your payment links strengthens brand recognition and builds customer trust during transactions.
Consistent Branding
: Ensures all payment pages match your brand’s colors and style
Live Preview
: Instantly shows design changes before saving
Mobile Responsive Design
: Adapts your theme seamlessly across devices
Effortless Integration
: Use existing Brand Board settings to apply branding instantly
Increased Professionalism
: Reinforces credibility with cohesive design
How to Customize Your Payment Links
Customizing payment links is a quick process that ensures your brand stays front and center in every transaction.
Navigate to
Payments → Settings → Payment Link Customization
.
Choose between
Use Brand Board
or
Choose Theme
.
If using Custom Theme, adjust background and button colors.
If using Brand Board, select the desired Brand Board using the
Select a Brand Board
dropdown
Review changes in the
Live Preview Panel
, which shows a live preview with updated colors.
Click the blue
Save
button in the bottom-right corner to save your changes. Open a payment link to verify that the correct changes have been made.
Brand Board Integration
Brand Board Integration simplifies the process of maintaining a consistent visual identity by automatically applying your selected Brand Board’s colors and styles to all payment links. Any updates to your Brand Board are instantly reflected across your links, eliminating the need for manual customization using
C
hoose Theme.
To learn more about Brand Boards, click here.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Will my existing payment links automatically update with my new branding?
Yes, once saved, the selected theme applies globally to all current and future links.
Q: Can I use different themes for different payment links?
No, theming is applied globally across all payment links in the account.
Q: What if I don't have a Brand Board set up?
You can still use the Custom Theme Builder to manually apply styling.
Click here to learn how to create a Brand Board.
Q: Will my branding show on mobile devices?
Yes, all styling options are responsive and display across all devices.
Q: Does customizing payment links affect payment processing or security?
No, changes are purely visual and do not impact function or compliance.
Related Articles
How to Create a Brand Board?
Payment Links
Getting Started - Setup Payment Links
How to Set Up a Payment Link for Multiple Products (One-Time & Recurring)
Text-To-Pay Links
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
