---
Title: Getting Started with Custom Objects
Category: Custom Objects.
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects
Word Count: 630
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:58:54.140538
---

If your business needs to manage relationships or processes that go beyond the standard CRM objects, you can create custom objects. Only
admins
have the ability to define custom objects through the Object settings page.
After defining a custom object, you can create custom fields and configure associations between the custom object and other CRM objects. Additionally, custom objects can be utilized in various tools, including workflows.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
When Should You Consider Using Custom Objects?
When to Stick with Standard CRM Objects
Examples of When to Use or Not Use Custom Objects
When Should You Consider Using Custom Objects?
Here are a few scenarios where custom objects might be the perfect fit:
Your business has unique relationships or processes
: If your data doesn’t fit neatly into existing objects like Contacts, Companies, or Opportunities, custom objects allow you to define your own object to suit your specific needs.
You need to track data beyond standard CRM objects
: For instance, you might want to manage event registrations, properties, inventory, or any other specialized information that requires a structured CRM approach.
You want to extend CRM functionality
: Custom objects can be linked with standard CRM objects, giving you the flexibility to build more complex relationships and workflows within your CRM system.
When to Stick with Standard CRM Objects
While custom objects are powerful, they may not always be necessary. Consider the following before deciding:
Can standard CRM objects meet your needs?
Many businesses can fully utilize Contacts, Companies, and Opportunities to manage their data effectively. Custom objects should only be used if existing structures don’t fulfill your requirements.
Will you lose access to specific CRM features?
Some features, such as sending bulk marketing emails, are only available with Contacts. Make sure your custom object will not limit access to key features.
Is there a risk of data duplication?
Be mindful of potential data overlap with standard objects, which can create inconsistencies and confusion.
Examples of When to Use or Not Use Custom Objects
Use Case 1 – Real Estate (Homes)
:
A property management business could create a custom object for "Homes" to store and track specific property data, such as location, size, availability status, and maintenance records. This information can be associated with other objects like Contacts (tenants, buyers).
Use Case 2 – Pets & Veterinary Care
:
A veterinary clinic could use a custom object for "Pets" to record each animal’s medical history, linked to the owner’s contact information. This helps to manage appointments, treatments, and vaccination schedules, all in one system.
When Not to Use – Event Attendees
: If you're organizing an event and want to send out invitations, keep track of responses, or send post-event surveys, using the Contacts object is likely more efficient. Creating a custom object for "Event Attendees" might limit your ability to send marketing emails and use automation features.
When Not to Use – Client Communications for Law Firms
: If your law firm already uses the Opportunities object to track cases and client interactions, creating a custom object for "Client Communications" might create unnecessary complexity. Instead, continue to log important details under the existing objects and avoid overlap.
Other Important Links
Create and Edit Custom Objects
Associations for Custom Objects
Create and Update Custom Object Records
Case Study - Real Estate
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
