---
Title: Template Library for Custom Reports
Category: Reporting
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000006621-template-library-for-custom-reports
Word Count: 865
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:52:43.468867
---

Create, schedule, and share beautiful data stories in minutes—no design skills required. Launch polished, presentation‑ready reports faster with the
Custom Reports Template Library
in HighLevel. Choose a pre‑built layout, personalize branding, and automate delivery—without manual page formatting. This guide covers availability, setup, usage, and governance so your team can standardize reporting at scale.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Custom Reports Template Library?
Key Benefits of the Custom Reports Template Library
Adding a Custom Report to the Template Library
How To Use the Custom Reports Template Library
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Custom Reports Template Library?
The Custom Reports Template Library is an in‑app gallery of professionally designed report layouts for
Reporting › Custom Reports
. Instead of building from scratch, you can start with a template, tailor branding, and schedule PDFs or emails. Templates help agencies enforce design standards and accelerate client reporting.
The library appears when creating a new custom report. From there, you can browse, preview, and apply a template so the full report opens with pages, widgets, and themes preconfigured.
Key Benefits of the Custom Reports Template Library
Using templates ensures consistency and speed while reducing setup errors. The benefits below focus on outcomes that matter to agencies and client‑facing teams.
Brand consistency:
Keep fonts, colors, and layout uniform across clients.
Faster Report Creation:
Build and deploy new reports in minutes using ready-made templates.
Proven Best Practices:
Each template is designed by data and business experts to ensure accuracy and efficiency.
Continuous Updates:
Access a growing library as new templates are added regularly based on industry trends and user feedback.
Customization Flexibility:
Every component—metrics, filters, visuals, and layouts—can be edited to fit your exact reporting needs.
Reduced Learning Curve:
Ideal for users new to reporting or teams standardizing how analytics are built.
Time Savings:
Eliminate repetitive setup work and focus on analyzing data instead of formatting it.
Adding a Custom Report to the Template Library
Converting a finished, reusable report into a template lets every team reuse the same layout and branding. Set the right permissions first, then upload the report as a template so it’s available across sub‑accounts.
Set minimum access permissions
From
Reporting › Custom Reports
, find your finished report on
Reports Overview
.
Click the
⋮ (three dots)
next to the report name and select
Manage permissions
.
Grant at least
Read
access to the following roles:
Agency User
,
Account Admin
, and
Account User
.
Before you upload — make a template‑ready report
Finalize layout, branding, and page order.
Replace any client‑specific text or screenshots with generic copy/placeholders.
Normalize
date ranges
and widget settings you want reused.
Click on
⋮ (three dots)
and select Upload Report Template
How To Use the Custom Reports Template Library
The quickest way to operationalize reporting is to start from a ready‑made template, preview it with live metrics, and put it on a predictable schedule. The steps below keep your team in the reporting flow from selection to delivery.
Navigate to Reporting:
Open the target
sub‑account
and go to
Reporting › Custom Reports
and
Click New Report:
Start a new report from the standard creation modal.
Choose your starting point:
Select
From Dashboard
,
From Scratch
, or
From Template Library
. Pick
From Template Library
to browse curated designs.
Filter and select a template:
In the library, filter by
niche
and
tags
to quickly find a suitable layout. Click a template to preview and then
Use Template
to apply it.
Preview with real data & schedule:
After applying, a
live data preview
appears. Click
Save → Schedule
to set delivery on a
specific day
or
weekly cadence
. (You can also
Send
immediately or
Download
a PDF if needed.)
Frequently Asked Questions
Q:
Will editing a template update reports already created from it?
No. Templates are a starting point. Edits affect
future
reports created from that template; existing or scheduled reports remain unchanged.
Q:
Can I hide specific templates from certain sub‑accounts?
You can’t hide a single template directly. Use a
hidden category
and ensure templates you want hidden are not in any visible categories.
Q:
Why do numbers sometimes differ between the builder, email preview, and ads widgets?
Timezones. The builder uses your browser timezone; scheduled email previews use the sub‑account’s timezone; connected ad platforms (e.g., Google/Facebook) follow their own account timezones.
Q: Are images included in downloaded PDFs?
Images and iframes may appear in previews/emails but are not included in downloaded PDFs due to security restrictions.
Related Articles
How to create and schedule reports
Template Library Overview & Setup
Add Custom Templates to Template Library
Hide Individual Templates From Sub‑Accounts
How to Manage and Create Templates from the Admin Screen
How to manage categories, types and tags?
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
