---
Title: Contact and Opportunity Followers in HighLevel
Category: Contacts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001362-contact-and-opportunity-followers-in-highlevel
Word Count: 285
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:42:18.786230
---

The ‘Followers’ feature for Contacts and Opportunities allows multiple users to follow and access the same record. This provides you the ability to add up to 10 users as followers who are able to view and edit the CRM record when the "Only Assigned Data" user permission is turned on.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What Are Followers?
Follower Permissions & Limitations
Contact Followers
Opportunity Followers
Key Points
What Are Followers?
Followers are users added to a contact or opportunity who gain access to view and manage that record,
even if they normally have restricted data access
under the "Only Assigned Data" permission setting.
Follower Permissions & Limitations
Followers inherit the same permissions as the record owner.
This allows them to
view and edit
the contact or opportunity information.
However, they
cannot modify the ownership itself
— i.e., they
cannot change the owner
of the record.
Contact Followers
Followers can be added to contacts on the detailed page of the record.
Opportunity Followers
Add followers to opportunities in the "Opportunity Details" on the Edit/Add opportunity modal
Key Points
Followers help improve collaboration across teams.
They are especially useful when combined with
workflows
, allowing automatic follower assignments.
Use this feature strategically to maintain visibility and access without compromising ownership hierarchy.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
