---
Title: API Security - OAuth Consent for Marketplace Apps
Category: App Marketplace
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005002-api-security-oauth-consent-for-marketplace-apps
Word Count: 846
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:55:38.779798
---

This article explains HighLevel’s new OAuth install page for Marketplace apps. Before you authorize an app, we now show a clear summary of what the app is, the permissions it’s requesting, and—when relevant—an explicit warning if a private app asks for sensitive permissions (for example, the ability to create or edit users).
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is OAuth for Marketplace Apps?
Key Benefits of the New OAuth Experience
How the Updated OAuth Flow Works
Grey-Labeled OAuth Page Experience
Understanding App Permissions and Warnings
Best Practices for Authorizing App Access
Frequently Asked Questions
Next Steps
What is OAuth for Marketplace Apps?
OAuth is a secure authorization framework that allows third-party apps to request access to specific parts of your HighLevel account. Apps listed in the Marketplace—or integrated externally—use OAuth links to initiate installation and gain permission to read or modify data like contacts, calendars, conversations, workflows, and more.
Before this update, users clicking an OAuth link were redirected without knowing which permissions were being granted. Now, the new OAuth flow provides a full breakdown of the requested permissions, helping users make informed decisions before proceeding.
Key Benefits of the New OAuth Experience
Enhanced transparency and security during app installation. This ensures users have full visibility into the permissions apps are requesting, reducing the risk of unauthorized access and improving trust in integrations.
Shows app name and logo before confirming installation.
Clearly lists all requested permissions (scopes).
Educates users on what each permission allows.
Displays explicit warnings for sensitive permissions like
users: write.
Works across both standard and grey-labeled Marketplace links.
Supports informed decision-making before granting access
How the Updated OAuth Flow Works
See exactly what you’re authorizing before giving access to a third-party app. When a user clicks an OAuth installation link from an app’s integration page, they are directed to a redesigned confirmation screen that includes:
The app name and branding
A full list of requested OAuth scopes
A clear explanation of each scope’s purpose
Warnings for any sensitive or high-risk access requests.
This OAuth screen acts similarly to Google’s app authorization prompts, offering users transparency before proceeding.
Example OAuth link format:
https://marketplace.gohighlevel.com/oauth/chooselocation?…
Grey-Labeled OAuth Page Experience
Consistent permission visibility across white-labeled Marketplace installs. This enhanced OAuth experience is also available on grey-labeled Marketplace URLs like:
https://marketplace.leadconnectorhq.com/oauth/chooselocation
Users will receive the same clear permission breakdown and security warnings regardless of whether the install is happening on HighLevel’s main domain or a white-labeled version.
Understanding App Permissions and Warnings
Learn what each scope means and when to exercise caution. OAuth scopes define what kind of access an app is requesting. For example:
Contacts
: readonly
: View your contact list.
Conversations
: write
: Send messages on your behalf.
Locations
: readonly
: View account location details
If an app requests a
sensitive scope
like:
users:
write
: Modify team member permissions or create new users, you’ll see a bold warning before proceeding.
These alerts are intended to flag apps that request deep access and ensure you’re making a deliberate, informed decision.
Best Practices for Authorizing App Access
Follow these tips to protect your data while using third-party apps.
Review scopes
carefully—don’t authorize blindly.
Only approve apps from trusted developers
or verified partners.
Avoid apps that request more access than they need.
Regularly review your connected apps
in HighLevel’s settings.
Revoke access
to unused or suspicious apps.
To manage app access: Go to
Settings > Connected Apps
inside your HighLevel dashboard.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What happens if I deny access at the OAuth screen?
The app will not be installed or connected. No data will be shared until authorization is granted.
Q: What are “scopes” in OAuth?
Scopes define what specific data or features an app is allowed to access. They help control and limit what third-party apps can do with your account.
Q: How do I know if a scope is sensitive?
Scopes like
users: write
or
locations: write
will display a special warning on the OAuth screen.
Q: Will this affect apps I’ve already installed?
No. This feature only applies to new app installations or when an existing app is reauthorized using OAuth.
Q: Can I use this new screen for my private app?
Yes, private apps using OAuth will also route through the new page and show the same permission details.
Next Steps
Audit your current app integrations
: Visit
Settings > Connected Apps
.
Educate your team
: Make sure all users understand how to read OAuth permissions.
Update your app documentation
: If you’re a developer, clearly explain what your app accesses and why.
Use the grey-labeled link
: For branded installs, use
https://marketplace.leadconnectorhq.com/oauth/chooselocation
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
