---
Title: Create Subscriptions & Invoices in Contact Profile
Category: Contacts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004163-create-subscriptions-invoices-in-contact-profile
Word Count: 308
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:42:01.577169
---

HighLevel's latest update simplifies managing subscriptions and invoices by allowing users to create and schedule subscriptions directly in a contact's profile! This new feature simplifies billing by enabling businesses to create subscriptions and invoices for a particular contact without needing to search for that contact from within a different section of the app!
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Create Subscriptions from Contact's Profile
Create and Send Invoices from Contact's Profile
Frequently Asked Questions
Create Subscriptions from Contact's Profile
Go to
Contacts > Contact Details
for the relevant customer.
Navigate to
Payments > Actions > Create Subscription
.
Complete the subscription details as described above.
Create and Send Invoices from Contact's Profile
Navigate to
Contacts > Contact Details
.
Go to
Payments > Actions > Create Invoice
.
You’ll be redirected to the invoice creation page with the customer details pre-filled.
Add the necessary invoice details.
Save and send the invoice to the customer.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What happens if a customer’s payment method fails during subscription setup?
If a payment method fails, the system will prompt you to select an alternate card or add a new one. The subscription will not be activated until a valid payment method is added.
Q: Can I create multiple subscriptions for the same customer?
Yes, you can create multiple subscriptions for a single customer. Each subscription can have its own products, billing dates, and payment methods.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
