---
Title: Filtering Opportunities
Category: Opportunities & Pipelines
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001241-filtering-opportunities
Word Count: 326
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:44:05.643313
---

Use a filter to segregate and view specific data on your opportunity board. Filters support both standard and custom fields
In This Article
Creating a Filter
Filter Conditions
Filter Types
Creating a Filter
Filters can be accessed by clicking the filter icon in the top right corner of the opportunities board. Multiple filters can be applied at the same time in two different configurations (explained below)
Filter Conditions
Two types of filter conditional logic are possible: AND and OR
AND - Every condition must be met for each opportunity
OR - At least one condition must be met for each opportunity
These filter conditions can be changed using the toggle on the top right of the filter right sidebar
Filter Types
The filters are divided into 2 groups:
Standard Filters - Based on opportunity activity and standard fields
Owner
Status
Campaign Type - This filter allows you to filter based on which campaign the opportunity was created from in case it was created from a campaign. You can find campaigns in the platform under Automations. Please note any further development on campaigns has been discontinued.
Last Stage Change
Created on
Updated on
Lead Value
Opportunity won on
Opportunity lost on
Custom Filters - Filters for Custom fields in opportunities (except File Upload and Signature Field)
By default, a pipeline has the opportunities filtered to show only the "Open" opportunities. If you are unable to find an opportunity, do ensure the correct filters and search is applied on the list.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
