---
Title: WordPress: Domain Connect Integration
Category: Sites
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004155-wordpress-domain-connect-integration
Word Count: 333
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:44:52.286828
---

We’re excited to announce an update to Domain Connect that makes managing domains easier than ever! With this new version, you can save time and skip complicated steps.
What’s New?
Supports Major Domain Providers:
Now, Domain Connect works with GoDaddy, Cloudflare, and IONOS. You can easily use these new features if your domain is with any of these providers.
Quick Domain Setup:
Linking your domain from GoDaddy, Cloudflare, or IONOS is now super easy. Just a few clicks, and you’re done — no technical skills needed!
No More Manual Setup:
Forget about adjusting DNS settings by hand. With Domain Connect, everything is set up automatically, so you don’t have to worry about the details.
Saves You Time:
Domain Connect takes care of everything, making domain setup fast and easy. This means you can focus on managing your website instead of dealing with the setup.
How It Works
1.    Go to the Dashboard:
Log into HighLevel and go to the WordPress hosting section.
2.    Pick Your Site:
Choose the site you want to connect a new domain to from the dashboard.
3.    Add Your Domain:
Click on “Add Domain” under the “Manage Your Domains” section.
4.    Enter Domain Name:
Type in the domain name you want to link to your website.
5.    Auto Configure:
Click “Auto Configure” to start connecting your domain.
6.    Complete the Process:
Follow any remaining steps to finish connecting your domain.
With this update, Domain Connect makes setting up your domain easier and quicker, so you can get straight to managing your site!
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
