---
Title: Advanced Filters for Custom Objects
Category: Custom Objects.
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects
Word Count: 303
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:59:08.082384
---

The following document provides a comprehensive guide on how to use the
Advanced Filters
feature for custom objects. This feature allows users to apply detailed filters across various fields, including custom attributes, to refine data searches. The guide outlines step-by-step instructions on how to access and use these advanced filters, making
it easier for users to locate specific data efficiently.
Guide on how to use advanced filters for custom objects
Step 1: Access the template list view
Step 2: Populate the content in the template
Step 3: Use the template in your article
Step 1: Access the Advanced Filters Panel
Find the option to apply "Advanced Filters" on the top right of the Custom Objects page
Step 2: Populate the Filters
In the
Advanced Filters
panel, search or select fields that you want to filter by. You can apply filter conditions using
AND/OR
logic to refine your search further.
Use the search bar to quickly locate a field.
Expand categories like
Other Details
,
Car Info
, and
Price
to choose fields.
You can filter based on both default and custom object field
Step 3:
Apply the Filters
Group multiple filters using the "And" / "OR" logics to apply more complex filter logics
You can manage the filter order in the panel for better clarity.
To remove filters, simply deselect them or click the reset button.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
