---
Title: Wallet - Auto Recharge, Smart Adjustment and Cancellation
Category: Customer Support
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005620-wallet-auto-recharge-smart-adjustment-and-cancellation
Word Count: 676
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:39:28.007528
---

Keeping your HighLevel wallet funded ensures uninterrupted SMS, email, and phone usage for you and your clients.
Auto  Recharge
automatically tops up your wallet balance when it dips below a threshold, while
Smart Adjustment
intelligently increases that top‑up amount when your usage grows. This guide explains both features, why they matter, and how to fine‑tune or disable them to maintain cost control.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What are Auto Recharge & Smart Adjustment?
Key Benefits of Auto Recharge & Smart Adjustment
Auto Recharge
Smart Adjustment
How To Setup Auto Recharge
How to Disable Auto Recharge/Update
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What are Auto Recharge & Smart Adjustment?
Auto Recharge adds funds to your HighLevel wallet whenever the balance falls under a limit you decide. Smart Adjustment is an adaptive tier system that , based on recent recharge frequency , raises your Auto Recharge amount to ensure fewer funding interruptions as your volume scales.
Key Benefits of Auto Recharge & Smart Adjustment
Keeping your wallet funded isn’t just convenient; it protects campaign deliverability and client satisfaction.
Uninterrupted Service:
Prevents SMS, email, and call failures caused by insufficient wallet funds.
Time Savings:
Eliminates manual deposits, allowing you to focus on revenue‑generating work.
Scales With You:
Smart Adjustment increases the recharge tier automatically as your usage grows, reducing the number of recharges and potential card authorization holds.
Budget Visibility:
Threshold and recharge amounts are fully configurable, giving you predictable cash‑flow control.
One‑Click Disable:
Turn Auto Recharge off at any time if you prefer a fixed recharge amount.
Auto Recharge
Auto Recharge uses two simple fields:
Recharge Amount
– The dollar amount added to your wallet each time Auto Recharge triggers.
Threshold Balance
– The wallet balance that triggers the recharge once it’s reached or passed.
Example
: If Recharge Amount = $50 and Threshold Balance = $25, then when your wallet balance hits $24.99, HighLevel instantly charges your saved payment method $50 and deposits it in your wallet.
Smart Adjustment
Smart Adjustment monitors how often Auto Recharge fires. When the same recharge amount triggers more than
three times within any seven‑day window
, HighLevel moves you to the next preset tier (e.g., from $200 → $500).
Why it matters:
As your sending volume grows, larger recharges mean fewer credit‑card holds and fewer risk‑flag reviews by card issuers.
How To Setup Auto Recharge
Login to your Agency account and click on
Settings
.
Navigate to
Billing › Wallet & Transactions
.
In the
Auto recharge with
dropdown, select the amount HighLevel should add (e.g., $200).
In the
Balance
is lower than
dropdown, choose the trigger amount (e.g., $50).
How to Disable Auto Recharge/Update
In the same
Auto Recharge
tile, click the
three‑dot
menu on the right.
Select
Disable Auto‑update
.
Confirm by clicking
Yes
.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: How does HighLevel determine the next tier when Smart Adjustment upgrades?
It moves to the very next predefined recharge tier (e.g., $200 → $500 → $1,000). Custom amounts are not skipped.
Q:
Will I receive email notifications when Auto Recharge or Smart Adjustment occurs?
Yes. Billing notification emails are sent to agency owner admins by default.
Q: Can I change the Threshold Balance without affecting Smart Adjustment history?
Yes. Adjusting the threshold does not reset your usage count. The three‑in‑seven‑days rule still applies.
Q: What happens if my saved payment method fails?
HighLevel will retry the charge up to three times over 24 hours and email you each attempt. Service pauses after final failure.
Related Articles
Account Billing Dashboard
HighLevel Pricing Guide
Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained
SaaS Wallet Credit Management - Sub Account Level
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
