---
Title: @Mention or Tag Profile in Posts from Social Planner
Category: Marketing
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002679--mention-or-tag-profile-in-posts-from-social-planner
Word Count: 441
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:42:42.410776
---

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Mentioning and Tagging Profiles in Posts from the Social Planner
Key Benefits of Tagging and Mention Profiles
Key Information
How to Add a Mention or Tag to Posts
Step 1: Navigate to the Social Planner
Step 2: Create a New Post
Step 3: Select Socials
Step 4: Write Post
Mentioning and Tagging Profiles in Posts from the Social Planner
The Social Planner now allows users to add @Mentions in posts! @Mentions will work for socials like Facebook, LinkedIn (Only company pages) and plain text will be available Instagram, Tiktok and GMB. @Mentions will be the search for public profiles or pages.
If more than one social channel is used, it will ask to customise the post for each channel to be enabled to allow users to search by the name, followers and social wise.
Key Benefits of Tagging and Mention Profiles
Improves Post engagement for customers
Brands and influencers often use @Mentions strategically to cross-promote each other's content
On some platforms, @Mentions contribute to the searchability of content
Key Information
This will not work in CSV and other options like Review Posting, RSS Posting.
The tag will appear highlighted (in blue) in the preview. This visual highlight confirms that the tag was recognized successfully by the system.
Auto-suggestions for mentions are not available for Instagram
. You’ll need to type @username manually, and the person being tagged must have their settings enabled to allow mentions.
How to Add a Mention or Tag to Posts
Step 1:
Navigate to the Social Planner
On the left-side navigation bar, select
Marketing
Click the
Social
Planner
tab on the top navigation ribbon
Step 2:
Create a New Post
Click the blue
+ New
Post
Button
From the dropdown, select
+ Create New Post
Step 3:
Select Socials
While creating new post, selects the social
If more than one social channel is selected, it will ask you to enable the customise for each channel option.
Step 4:
Write Post
Create the post for each social channel
To mention a profile, use the @ followed by the username of the profile you would like to tag
After typing in the first few letters, recommended options will populate
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
