---
Title: Internationalization For Client-Portal & Child Apps
Category: Internationalization
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004907-internationalization-for-client-portal-child-apps
Word Count: 624
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:55:25.348080
---

This article explains how to change the display language in the Client Portal and Child App. With support for multiple languages on both web and mobile platforms, users can manage their experience in their preferred language.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Language Internationalization?
Key Benefits of Language Internationalization
How to Change Language on the Web
How to Change Language on Mobile App
Supported Languages
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Language Internationalization?
Language internationalization allows users to access the Client Portal and Child App in their preferred language. This functionality improves usability for non-English-speaking users and provides a localized experience across regions. Language selection is available directly in user settings on both web and mobile platforms. If no selection is made, English will be used as the default.
Key Benefits of Language Internationalization
Language customization enhances usability and ensures a more accessible experience for users around the world.
Available on both web and mobile versions of the Client Portal and Child App
Supports 12 languages across multiple global regions
Improves accessibility for non-English-speaking users
Language changes are quick and user-specific
Allows clients to manage settings in their native language
Default fallback to English if no language is selected
How to Change Language on the Web
Language preferences can be changed after logging in the Client Portal. Navigate to
Memberships → Client Portal
to login into the Portal.
Steps to change language:
Click on
your logo on the top right side and click on
Manage your Account.
Under Manage Account, select
Language Settings
and choose your preferred language from the dropdown menu.
How to Change Language on Mobile App
Users accessing the app through a mobile device can also update their language settings with just a few taps.
Steps to change language on mobile:
Tap
Profile
on the bottom navigation bar.
Go to
Settings
.
Tap
Language Settings
.
Select the desired language from the list.
Tap
Save
to apply the update.
Supported Languages
The following languages are currently supported for both web and mobile platforms:
Language
Region
German
DE
Spanish
ES
French (Canada)
CA
French (France)
FR
Dutch
NL
Portuguese (Portugal)
PT
Portuguese (Brazil)
BR
Italian
IT
Swedish
SE
Finnish
FI
Norwegian
NO
Note
:
English
is the default language and will be used if no other selection is made.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Will changing the language affect other users in my account?
No, the selected language only applies to the individual user's interface.
Q: Does the language change apply instantly?
Yes, once saved, the new language is applied immediately.
Q: Can I switch languages more than once?
Yes, you can change your language setting at any time.
Q: What if a feature isn't fully translated?
In cases where translations are unavailable, the interface will default to English.
Q: Is there a way to set a default language for all new users?
Currently, language settings are user-specific and must be configured individually.
Related Article
s
How to Access the Client Portal
Setting Up Your Client Portal
Mobile App: Getting Started Guide
Managing User Profiles
Next Step
s
Encourage your clients to set their preferred language for a more comfortable experience.
Review your onboarding process to include instructions on changing language settings.
Consider adding localized content in other areas of the platform to complement the interface language selection.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
