---
Title: Removing Contact Tags From Multiple Contacts
Category: Contacts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004998-removing-contact-tags-from-multiple-contacts
Word Count: 817
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:42:16.472309
---

This article will show you how to remove tags from multiple contacts at once using the “Remove Tags” bulk action. Whether you’re cleaning up outdated segments, restructuring your CRM, or clearing contact metadata, this feature helps you maintain accurate records quickly and efficiently. We’ll walk you through what this action does, why it’s useful, and exactly how to perform it.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Removing Tags from Multiple Contacts
Key Benefits of Removing Tags from Multiple Contacts
Setting Up Remove Contact Tag Bulk Operation
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Removing Tags from Multiple Contacts
Removing tags in bulk allows you to clean up or reorganize contact data quickly. This is especially helpful when contact segmentation needs to be updated, campaigns have ended, or irrelevant tags are cluttering your CRM. Rather than editing each contact individually, bulk removal ensures swift and consistent updates.
Key Benefits of Removing Tags from Multiple Contacts
Bulk tag removal streamlines CRM maintenance and ensures clean, accurate contact segmentation. Here’s why it’s valuable:
Save time by removing tags from many contacts in one go
Eliminate outdated or incorrect tags that impact automations
Maintain a well-organized contact tagging structure
Reduce confusion by clearing unused or overlapping labels
Support accurate reporting by removing invalid groupings
Setting Up Remove Contact Tag Bulk Operation
This section walks you through how to remove tags from one or more contacts directly from the Contacts page.
Navigate to the “Contacts” Tab
From the left-hand navigation menu in your dashboard, click on Contacts to access your contact list.
Select Multiple Contacts
Use the checkboxes on the left to select the contacts you’d like to remove tags from. You can select individual records or use filters to narrow down groups.
Click the “Remove Tags” Icon
With your contacts selected, click on the Remove Tags icon located in the top action bar. This opens the bulk action panel for tag removal.
Add Action Name
In the pop-up that appears, enter an Action Name for this operation. This will help you identify the action later in the Bulk Actions dashboard.
Remove All Tags from Selected Contacts
If you want to completely clear all tags from the selected contacts, check the
Remove all tags
box. This option removes every tag associated with those contacts—no need to specify which ones. It’s ideal for cleanup tasks or when you want to start fresh with a new tagging structure. Be sure you want to remove all tags before enabling this, as it clears everything in one go.
Select Tags to Remove
Use the
Tags
dropdown to choose one or more tags you’d like to remove from the selected contacts. The list will show all existing tags, and you can scroll or search to find the right ones. This is helpful when you want to remove only specific tags while keeping others intact. Be sure not to select the
“Remove all tags”
checkbox if you only want to remove selected tags.
Confirm the Action
Once your tags or tag removal preference is selected, click the Remove Tags button to begin the process. A pop-up message will confirm that the operation has started.
Monitor Bulk Action Status
After you submit the action, the system displays a confirmation. Click on Check Progress to track the real-time status of the bulk action.
Review Results in Bulk Actions Dashboard
The Bulk Actions dashboard logs all tag removal tasks. You’ll see the operation name, time initiated, completion time, and a Show Stats link for detailed results including contact-level success.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I remove multiple tags from contacts at once?
Yes. You can select as many tags as you like to remove in one bulk action. Just choose them from the dropdown in the Tags field.
Q: Will removing tags delete any contact data?
No, removing tags only updates how contacts are grouped or segmented. It does not delete any contact information.
Q: Can I remove all tags from selected contacts in one action?
Yes, simply check the Remove all tags option in the action window to clear all tags from the selected records.
Q: Can I undo a bulk tag removal?
Tag removals can’t be undone directly, but you can reapply tags using the Add Tags bulk action if needed.
Q: Where can I see which contacts had tags removed?
Go to the Bulk Actions tab and click Show Stats beside the relevant action to view the detailed list of contacts and success status.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
