---
Title: How to Integrate Jobber with HighLevel
Category: Integrations
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005429-how-to-integrate-jobber-with-highlevel
Word Count: 819
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:58:50.621839
---

HighLevel now integrates with Jobber to keep client data aligned between operations and marketing. This article explains what the integration does, who it’s for, and how to set it up—covering two‑way client/contact sync, bulk deployment for agencies, historic imports, and the included snapshot. Learn how to roll it out quickly and avoid duplicate data entry.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Jobber Integration with HighLevel?
Key Benefits of the Jobber Integration
How To Set Up the Jobber Integration
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Jobber Integration with HighLevel?
The Jobber integration connects field‑service operations in Jobber with sales and marketing in HighLevel. Client and contact information stays synchronized across both platforms, so teams can run day‑to‑day jobs in Jobber while automating communications and pipelines in HighLevel—without re‑typing data or risking mismatched records.
Key Benefits of the Jobber Integration
Two‑way Client Sync:
Keep names, emails, phones, addresses, and more consistent across systems.
Reliable Matching:
Linkage by Jobber client ID prevents duplicate records when emails/phones change.
Historic + Live Sync:
Import past client data from a chosen date, then continue syncing new clients automatically.
Snapshot Included:
Start with prebuilt workflows and message templates to launch faster.
Marketing+Ops Alignment:
Run jobs in Jobber while leveraging HighLevel for funnels, CRM, and automation.
Reduced Manual Work:
Eliminate repetitive data entry and lower error rates.
Consistent Reporting:
Unified client data improves attribution and campaign targeting.
How To Set Up the Jobber Integration
Proper setup ensures your data syncs accurately and your team can start using the included snapshot and workflows immediately. Follow the steps below for the agency and each sub‑account.
Note:
The app can
only be viewed and installed by Agency Admins
. The app is not visible/available to sub-accounts until the agency has install the app.
Step 1:
Agency‑Level Installation & Bulk Deploy
In HighLevel (Agency view), open
App Marketplace
.
Search for
Jobber
.
Click on the
Jobber Integration
app.
Click
Install
.
Select the
sub‑accounts
to deploy.
Click on
Proceed
.
Select the
Assets
you want to
push/update
from the snapshot.
Either
Proceed without conflict check
with current data in the sub-account(s).
Or
Proceed to check conflicts
.
If you Proceed to check conflicts, click on the
+
icon to expand and review conflicts in the sub-account. Subsequently, choose the assets you wish to overwrite.
Click on
Proceed
.
Type
Confirm
in the box and click on
Proceed
.
Click
Allow & Install
.
Step 2:
Sub‑Account Connection
Switch to the
sub‑account.
Click on
App Marketplace → Installed Apps → Jobber
.
Click
Connect
and complete the authorization flow.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I connect more than one sub-account to a single Jobber account?
No, Jobber only supports one active connection. This means that you can only connect one HighLevel sub-account to a unique Jobber account.
Q: How long does it take for the initial contacts<>clients sync between HighLevel and Jobber?
Jobber allows syncing about 2500 records for every 5 minutes. So based on the start date you're selecting in "Sync Data" tab in your Jobber app, the system will take the necessary time to sync all the clients data inside HighLevel.
Q: What all fields are synced between HighLevel and Jobber?
First Name, Last Name, Email, Phone Number, Address, Lead Source, Jobber Client URL, Jobber Created Date, Tags.
Q: What details are not synced between HighLevel and Jobber?
Custom Fields on Jobber, Notes, Attachments.
Q: How does HighLevel match clients with Contacts?
HighLevel maintains the Jobber client's unique ID. This allows to maintain the sync even if you update the email or phone number
Q: Can I pause or stop the 2-way sync?
No, we currently don't have that option. To stop the sync without disrupting your workflows build in Jobber, you must disconnect the app from Jobber by navigating to Jobber App Marketplace > Connected Apps > LeadConnector App and click the Disconnect button.
Q: Once I've initiated the sync, can I go back and change the start date for syncing my historic client data?
No, syncing historic data from Jobber is allowed only once while initiating the Jobber data-sync. Once we've synced the historic data, you cannot modify the timelines and reinitiate the sync from a different start date.
Q: Can I view logs of clients data that was synced?
The sync-logs are currently not available.
Related Articles
Setting up QuickBooks Integration
Integrate Xero with GoHighLevel (GHL)
Notion Integration with HighLevel
Private Integrations: Everything you need to know
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
