---
Title: AI-Powered Custom Code Generation in Workflows
Category: AI Employee
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004692-ai-powered-custom-code-generation-in-workflows
Word Count: 681
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:40:13.208197
---

TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is AI-Powered Code Generation in Workflows?
Key Benefits of AI-Powered Code Generation
How to Use Code with AI
Example Use Cases
Frequently Asked Questions
What is AI-Powered Code Generation in Workflows?
Writing custom code in workflows just became smarter, faster, and easier with
Code with AI (Beta)
. This new feature enables users to generate JavaScript code snippets by simply describing their desired functionality in plain language, reducing the need for manual coding and debugging.
Key Benefits of AI-Powered Code Generation
Leveraging AI for code generation enhances productivity and minimizes the technical barrier for users. Key advantages include:
AI-Powered Code Generation
– Simply describe what you need, and AI generates the corresponding JavaScript code.
Automated Property Integration
– AI automatically maps input properties from previous workflow steps.
One-Click Implementation
– Quickly review and insert AI-generated code into your workflow.
Easy Regeneration
– Need a different version? Click Generate again for an updated snippet.
Enhanced Efficiency
– Reduce the time and technical expertise required for custom coding.
How to Use Code with AI
Follow these steps to generate and implement custom code seamlessly within your workflows:
Select Custom Code Action
– Choose the Custom Code action within your workflow.
Activate AI Assistance
– Click
"Code with AI"
to open the AI-powered coding assistant.
Describe the Functionality
– Provide a clear description of what you need (e.g.,
"I have an API that returns a date in MM-DD-YYYY format. Convert it to YYYY-MM-DD."
).
Generate Code
– Click
Generate
, and AI will create the necessary JavaScript snippet.
Review and Implement
– Examine the output and click
Use Code
to insert it into your workflow.
Pro Tip:
The more specific your prompt, the better the AI-generated code will be!
Example Use Cases
Here are some practical ways to leverage AI-powered code generation in your workflows:
Data Formatting
– Convert phone numbers or dates into a standardized format.
API Integration
– Generate code to fetch data from external services via HTTP requests.
Mathematical Calculations
– Perform real-time calculations such as interest rates or discounts.
String Manipulation
– Extract key details from text, such as pulling email addresses from subject lines.
Conditional Logic
– Implement custom decision-making processes, such as routing leads based on specific criteria.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Do I need to know JavaScript to use Code with AI?
A: No, Code with AI is designed to help users who may not have programming experience. Simply describe what you need, and AI will generate the necessary JavaScript code for you.
Q: Can I edit the AI-generated code?
A: Yes! You can review and modify the generated code before implementing it in your workflow.
Q: What if the AI-generated code isn’t exactly what I need?
A: If the code doesn’t meet your expectations, you can click
Generate
again for a fresh version or refine your description for better results.
Q: Is this feature available for all workflow actions?
A: Code with AI is currently available for the
Custom Code
action within workflows.
Q: Can I use AI-generated code for API calls?
A: Yes, Code with AI can generate code for API integrations, including making HTTP requests and handling responses.
Q: Will the AI-generated code work perfectly every time?
A: While the AI is designed to generate functional code, it’s always recommended to review and test the output before deploying it in live workflows.
Try It Today!
This feature is currently in
Beta
, and we appreciate your feedback! Test out
Code with AI
and experience how it simplifies custom coding in workflows.
Now you can build smarter workflows—without writing a single line of code!
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
