---
Title: Automatically Generate Invoices from Signed Documents & Contracts
Category: Documents & Contracts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatically-generate-invoices-from-signed-documents-contracts
Word Count: 945
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:50:59.223459
---

This article explains how invoices are automatically generated when a document or contract is signed by a customer. This feature simplifies billing by converting signed agreements into ready-to-send invoices based on the product list in the document.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Automatic Invoice Creation After Document Signing?
Key Benefits of Automatic Invoice Creation
Viewing Auto-Generated Invoices
Conditions for Automatic Invoice Generation
How To Setup Auto-Invoice Documents
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Automatic Invoice Creation After Document Signing?
Automatic Invoice Creation ensures that once a lead signs a contract or document containing a product list, HighLevel automatically generates a corresponding invoice. This bridges the gap between client agreement and billing, saving time and reducing manual errors.
The feature works only if the signed document includes one or more product list elements with line items.
Key Benefits of Automatic Invoice Creation
This feature streamlines post-signature invoicing and ensures accuracy in billing. Here are the key benefits:
Automation:
Invoices are generated automatically, eliminating the need for manual invoice creation.
Accuracy:
All product list elements, line items, discounts, and taxes are carried over exactly as defined in the signed document.
Consolidation:
If multiple product lists exist in one document, a single cumulative invoice is created.
Editability:
Users can view and edit the auto-generated invoice before sending it.
Efficiency:
Reduces turnaround time between client agreement and invoice delivery.
Viewing Auto-Generated Invoices
Once a document is signed, and if it contains valid product list items, users can access the generated invoice directly from the Completed tab under the Documents & Contracts section.
Access Documents & Contracts
Start by navigating to the
Payments
tab from the left-hand menu. Then, under the “Documents & Contracts” dropdown, click on
All Documents & Contracts
to view your document activity.
Open Completed Documents
Click the
Completed
tab to filter and view only those documents that have been signed and finalized. These entries are eligible for auto-generated invoices if product lists were included.
View the Invoice
Click the
three-dot menu (⋮)
next to the finalized document entry and select
“View Invoice.”
This opens the auto-generated invoice so you can review, edit, or send it to the client.
Conditions for Automatic Invoice Generation
Understanding when an invoice will or will not be generated helps ensure you set up documents correctly.
An invoice will be created if the document contains at least one product list element with line items.
An invoice will NOT be created if no product list elements are present in the document.
If the document contains multiple product list elements, a single invoice will be created consolidating all line items and discounts.
This logic ensures billing is only initiated when applicable, avoiding empty or irrelevant invoices.
How To Setup Auto-Invoice Documents
Setting up auto-invoice-enabled documents is simple if you incorporate the right elements in your templates.
Open Template Library
Go to the
Payments
tab, open the
Documents & Contracts
dropdown, and select
Templates
. This view lets you access or manage templates used to create signable documents.
Create or Edit Template
Click
+ New
to create a new document or select an existing template to make updates. During this step, you’ll structure the document and add key billing components like products, pricing, discounts, and taxes. This setup is essential for triggering automatic invoice creation once the document is signed.
Finalize Template Details
Once your template includes all product-related elements—such as line items, pricing, taxes, and discounts, go back to the templates Library and click the
three-dot menu (⋮)
next to your desired Template and select
“Use Template.”
This step activates the recipient assignment flow and prepares the document for sending.
Assign the Recipient
Once the document is fully set up with product details, taxes, and pricing, click the
Recipient icon
to access the assignment panel. You’ll be able to select or add a
Primary Client
, which is required before sending the document and triggering automatic invoice creation.
Send the Document
After selecting a recipient and reviewing all contract details, click
Send
in the top-right corner. This action sends the document for signature and, once signed, automatically triggers invoice creation based on the defined line items.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What happens if my document has no product list?
No invoice will be generated unless there is at least one product list with line items in the document.
Q: Can I edit the invoice before sending it to the client?
Yes. You can click “View Invoice” from the Completed tab and make edits before sending.
Q: Will each product list generate a separate invoice?
No. All line items from multiple product lists within the same document are combined into one invoice.
Q: Where can I find the auto-generated invoice?
In the Documents & Contracts > Completed tab, use the three-dot menu to select “View Invoice.”
Q: Is this available for recurring and one-time products?
Yes. The invoice will include whatever product types were added to the product list.
Q: Can I disable automatic invoice creation?
This feature is automatic based on product list presence; however, you can remove product list elements to prevent invoice generation.
Q: Are taxes and discounts included in the invoice?
Yes. All details from the document’s product list, including taxes and discounts, are reflected.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
