---
Title: Activity Section Upgrade
Category: Contacts
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005155-activity-section-upgrade
Word Count: 501
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:42:02.763311
---

Learn how to navigate and leverage the redesigned
Contacts → Activity
section. Featuring new icons, date groupings, clickable cards, and enhanced performance.
Note: To enable this feature,
go to Settings > Labs >
Activity Section Upgrade, and toggle it on.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What's new?
How to access the Activity Section?
Tracked Events in the Activity Section
What's new?
UI Redesign:
The layout has been revamped to provide a clearer, more intuitive view of all activities associated with a contact including new icons.
Date Groupings
: Activities are grouped under headings like “Today” and “Yesterday” for chronological clarity.
Clickable Event Cards
: Each card shows title, timestamp, campaign/source labels, and links.
Improved Performance:
Backend improvements allow for faster loading times and smoother interactions.
Responsive Design
: Enhanced interaction and layout consistency on desktop and tablet screens.
Features of Activity Section
Real-Time Tracking:
Stay updated with real-time activity tracking for contacts.
Detailed Event View:
Get a comprehensive view of each activity, including timestamps, event type, and links
Event Logging:
All activities are logged and can be accessed through the Activity section.
How to access the Activity Section?
Ensure that the feature is enabled, if not, to enable this feature, go to Settings > Labs >
Activity Section Upgrade, and toggle it on.
Go to Contacts → Click on a contact to reference Activity.
Click any event card for details.
Click any event’s link icon to jump directly into that external URL.
Tracked Events in the Activity Section
The Activity section allows you to track a wide range of events related to contacts and opportunities. Below is a list of the current event types you can track:
Contact Event Types
Contact Created:
When a new contact is created in the system.
Appointment:
Tracks when a contact schedules an appointment.
Call:
Records any calls made to or received from a contact.
Page Visit:
Tracks when a contact visits a page on your website.
Trigger Link:
Captures activity when a contact clicks on a trigger link.
One-Step and Two-Step Contact Forms:
Tracks one-step contact form submissions and two step contact form submissions.
One-Step and Two-Step Payments:
Tracks one-step and two-step payment form submissions.
Form Submission:
Records when a contact submits a form.
Survey:
Logs activity related to a contact filling out a survey.
Quiz:
Captures data when a contact participates in a quiz.
Facebook Lead Form:
Tracks when a contact submits a lead form through Facebook.
Chat Widget Form:
Captures submissions from a contact through the chat widget form.
LinkedIn Lead Form:
Logs submissions from LinkedIn lead forms.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
