---
Title: Create a Template
Category: Certificates
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001235-create-a-template
Word Count: 675
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:56:29.150545
---

We're thrilled to introduce Certificates, a fantastic feature designed to acknowledge and celebrate user accomplishments in your community. With Certificates, you can create personalised certificates and issue them to your users. In this initial release, we've focused on making it easy to award certificates for course completion. Here's how to get started:
In This Article
Where to find Certificates ?
Create a template
Editing Templates
Where to find Certificates ?
To get started with certificates:
Go to Memberships from the left bar (in a location) > Certificates
Create a template
To start creating a certificate template:
Click on
New
To create a template, choose Certificate Templates or Blank Certificates
Choose an existing template
To create a template, choose from the existing templates:
Select a template
Click on
Confirm
Template is ready to use
Create a template from scratch
To create a template from scratch:
Click on
Blank Certificates
Start creating from scratch
Editing Templates
To edit a template, there are various elements to use:
1. Layout:
To choose a layout, click on
Layout,
and choose between Portrait or Landscape
Once selected, you can choose frames for both the layouts, respectively
To remove a frame, click on the same frame again (from the right bar)
Note
: Changing the layout from Portrait to Landscape or vice-versa, will disrupt the edits
2. Background:
To choose a background, click on
Background
Choose the colours
Upload an image as background or enter image link to upload
Choose the opacity of the background image or colour by using the opacity slider
To choose a pattern as background image, click on
Patterns
and choose a pattern. Further choose the colour of the pattern
3. Header
To add a header, drag and drop the
Header
element to your template and start editing the text after selection
Elements can be cloned or deleted by clicking on the copy and delete icons
Choose Font Styles, Font Size, Font Type (Heading 1, Heading 2, etc ...), Font Colour, etc. from the top bar after selecting a text
To resize, move the blue dots of the text box
4. Text
To add a text, drag and drop the
Text
element to your template and start editing the text after selection
Elements can be cloned or deleted by clicking on the copy and delete icons
Choose Font Styles, Font Size, Font Type (Headings,Paragraohs, etc..), Font Colour, etc. from the top bar after selecting a text
To resize, move the blue dots of the text box
5. Image
To add an image, drag and drop the
Image
element to your template
Upload an image or add the image link to upload
Choose the opacity of the background image by using the opacity slider
To resize, move the blue dots of the box
6. Badge
To add a badge, drag and drop the
Badge
element to your template
Choose a badge with from the options by clicking on it
To resize, move the blue dots of the box
7. Signatures
To add a signature, drag and drop the
Signature
element to your template
Choose a badge with from the options by clicking on it
Choose the signature styles after selecting the signature
To resize, move the blue dots of the box
Preview and Save a template
To preview a template, click on
Preview
To save a template, click on
Save
Before saving a template, enter a relevant name for your certificate from the top section
Saved Templates
Once saved, click on
Back
Saved templates are visible under the Template tab
From the three dots, choose to Preview, Edit or Delete a template
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
