---
Title: Introduction to Ask AI Assistant
Category: AI Employee
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000005327-introduction-to-ask-ai-assistant
Word Count: 743
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:40:14.401913
---

We’re excited to roll out a new AI-powered assistant inside HighLevel,
Ask AI
. Whether you need content written in your brand voice, want to create a new community, or just need quick answers, Ask AI is here to help. No need to jump between tools or tabs.
Ask AI would act as your built-in assistant inside GoHighLevel. We’re starting with a few key capabilities and will be continuously adding more over time.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Ask AI?
Who can use Ask AI?
What can the bot do?
How to use Ask AI Bot?
Example: Generate Branded Content
Create a Community
What’s coming next?
What is Ask AI?
Ask AI
is a built-in virtual assistant for GoHighLevel users. It combines smart AI capabilities with your brand context to help you take action inside HighLevel, directly from a single interface. You’ll find the Ask AI icon in the
top navigation bar.
Note: In order to generate personalized/branded content, make sure that you have configured your brand voice in Marketing > Branded Content > Brand Voice.
.
Who can use Ask AI?
Currently Ask AI is only available to the Agency Admins and the Sub-accounts on the 97$ Unlimited AI Employee Plan
. It can be found and used in the top navigation bar, click on the icon and enter your prompts.
What can the bot do?
Here’s a closer look at what Ask AI currently supports:
Create Branded Content:
No more generic AI writing, the bot pulls in your brand voice settings to generate content that sounds like
you
. From email newsletters to social captions, it creates high-quality content tailored to your tone and brand voice settings.
Create Communities:
Setting up a new community no longer requires digging through menus. Just tell the bot what kind of community you want to create, and it will guide you step-by-step, all from the chat.
Answer Questions or Help with Ideas:
Need inspiration for a campaign? Want ideas about a blog CTA? Directly send them to Ask AI.
How to use Ask AI Bot?
Follow these steps to get started:
Click on the Ask AI Bot icon
in the top navigation bar.
Type in what you need: content, a new community, ideas, or questions.
The bot will guide you or respond instantly with what you asked for.
You can start with something like:
“Give me blog post ideas about SMS marketing.”
“Write a Facebook ad post using my brand voice.”
“Help me set up a community for local business owners.”
You can also view the chat history, and go back to older chats directly by toggle next to the full-screen toggle.
Ask AI clarifies your needs by asking requirement-based questions. You can also improve the AI by upvoting or downvoting its responses and copy them to clipboard as well.
Example: Generate Branded Content
Click on the
Ask AI Bot
icon in the top navbar.
Type your request, for example:
“Create a new social media for our easter offer for 20% on all the services.”
Note: Make sure you have setup Brand Voice, to ensure personalized content.
The assistant will pull in your brand voice settings and return a ready-to-use draft, the assistant can refine the provided text and modify it to meet your specific needs.
Copy and paste the final version wherever you need.
Create a Community
Open the
Ask AI Assistant
and start a new chat.
Ask:
“Help me create a new community for local entrepreneurs.”
The assistant will ask you a few follow-up questions - like the community name, who’s the community for, subscription model (paid/free), logo, cover image and community theme etc. Enter the details as required.
Once complete, The assistant will confirm that your community is created along with the community link: Voila your community’s created.
What’s coming next?
We’re actively working on expanding Ask AI’s superpowers. Here’s a sneak peek at what’s coming soon:
Generate pre-built email templates.
Related Articles
Contact Summary Agent in Ask AI
Funnel Creation Agent in Ask AI
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
