---
Title: Selling Marketplace Snapshots with SaaS Plans
Category: Agency View
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004187-selling-marketplace-snapshots-with-saas-plans
Word Count: 669
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:39:43.784259
---

We’re excited to announce a new feature that allows agencies to sell snapshot apps directly through their
SaaS plans
on the HighLevel Marketplace. This update helps agencies add more tools to their SaaS offerings, making it easier for clients to get the features they need without extra setup.
What is This Feature?
This new feature allows agencies to include
Marketplace snapshot
—bundled tools and settings that can be quickly installed on accounts—as part of their SaaS plans. Snapshots are templates for settings, workflows, and other elements, so agencies can provide clients with ready-made setups for their businesses. Now, agencies can sell these snapshots directly through the
SaaS Configurator
in the Marketplace, expanding their SaaS offerings.
Real-World Example:
Imagine a marketing agency that provides services to local businesses. With this new feature, they can now sell a snapshot that’s already set up with lead-capturing workflows, appointment scheduling, and email marketing—all of which clients can instantly use.
Why Was This Feature Created?
This feature was designed to:
•
Expand the Variety of Apps
: By adding snapshots, there’s a wider range of ready-to-use tools for agencies to offer their clients.
•
Make Apps Easier to Access
: With snapshots in SaaS plans, agencies can now give clients access to useful setups as soon as they sign up—no complicated configurations needed.
•
Grow the Marketplace
: Allowing creators, not just developers, to add to the Marketplace opens up even more options for clients to choose from.
How to sell Marketplace Snapshots?
Adding snapshot apps to your SaaS plans is straightforward. Here’s how to set it up:
Step 1: Access the SaaS Configurator
Log in to your HighLevel account and go to the
SaaS Configurator
. If you haven't already switched to agency view then you will first need to do so.
Step 2: Edit Details
Once you are inside
"Plans & Pricing"
hover over the plan where you want to add your snapshot package. Click the
"Edit Details"
button.
Step 3: Browse Snapshot
Go to
"Features"
tab located at the top menu. Next, Click
"Add Snapshot"
button at the top right corner.
Step 4: Go to Marketplace
Click
"Marketplace"
button to see the list of all marketplace snapshots you have.
Step 5 : Attach Snapshot
Hover over the snapshot you wish to attach and click on it. You will now see the
"Attach"
button. Click it to attach the snapshot to your SaaS offering.
Once you add snapshots to your SaaS plan, they’ll automatically be included in new client accounts created through the SaaS plan. When a new client buys the SaaS plan, a sub-account is created, and the selected snapshots are added automatically.
Important
HighLevel now listens to certain events in the Marketplace, such as:
Changes in Distribution Type:
If a snapshot’s distribution type changes, it may affect its availability in your SaaS plan.
Uninstalling Apps:
If you uninstall an app, it will be removed from your SaaS plans.
Payment Issues:
If there’s a payment problem, snapshots may be removed.
Snapshot Status Changes:
If the snapshot is disabled, it will no longer be available.
Key Benefits Recap:
•
Expanded App Options
: Agencies can now offer snapshots, increasing their options for clients.
•
More Efficient Setup
: Clients get a complete setup in seconds, no need for complicated configurations.
•
Marketplace Growth
: With creators contributing more, agencies have a growing list of options to help them better serve clients.
With
Snapshots in SaaS Plans
, agencies can offer more complete solutions faster, giving clients what they need to succeed without any extra hassle.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
