---
Title: Subscription & Refund trigger for payments
Category: Payments
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002213-subscription-refund-trigger-for-payments
Word Count: 330
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:49:46.718033
---

With additional triggers around payments, business users have more control over automations built around lead conversion processes.
Along with the current support for Payment Received, Order Submitted trigger and Invoice trigger, we have added the support for 2 new additional triggers
1. Subscription Trigger
Allows to automate processes around the status changes for subscriptions
When a subscription is created for a customer
When the subscription moves over from trial to active
When a subscription is cancelled
Businesses can also use subscription status filters to create IF conditions based on status changes or the product associated with the subscription and can also make use of the custom values inside Payments custom values.
2. Refund Trigger
Allows automations to be built around payments that are processed as refunds by you or your sales agents. Users will be able to trigger a workflow based on a refund attempt and then branch conditions based on:
Whether the refund was success or failed
Whether the refund was for full amount or partial amount
OR based on the amount or source of the refund
Refund custom values are also available inside the Payments section in custom values to allow businesses to send customised notifications based on different scenarios
These triggers work with Stripe, Authorize.net and NMI integrations available under Payments -> Integrations
For Paypal, the trigger only works when a subscription is created and not on any further actions. All functionalities will be available soon for PayPal
Related Articles
How Subscriptions work with NMI/Authorize.net
How Subscriptions work with Stripe
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
