---
Title: Workflow Trigger - Inbound Webhook
Category: Workflows
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003147-workflow-trigger-inbound-webhook
Word Count: 479
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:47:04.860791
---

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Overview
Trigger Name
Trigger Description
How to Configure
Example
Overview
The Inbound Webhook Trigger in HighLevel allows users to
initiate workflows
based on incoming data
from external applications
. By leveraging this trigger, you can seamlessly automate processes and integrate HighLevel with various third-party systems.
Trigger Name
Inbound Webhook Trigger
Trigger Description
The Inbound Webhook Trigger captures incoming POST/GET/PUT requests sent to a HighLevel Webhook URL (unique for each trigger). This enables the system to react to events from external applications, such as form submissions, payment notifications, or any other data changes, allowing for real-time updates and automation within HighLevel workflows.
How to Configure the Inbound Webhook Trigger
1. Access Workflow Settings
:
Open or create a new workflow in HighLevel.
Select "Inbound Webhook" as the Workflow Trigger.
2. Generate Webhook URL
:
A unique Webhook URL will be generated for your workflow. Copy this URL for use in external applications.
3. Set Up External Application
:
In the external app (e.g., Zapier, Integromat), create a trigger that will send data to the HighLevel Webhook URL.
Configure the action to send a POST request to the copied URL, including the necessary data in JSON format.
4. Test the Integration
:
Send a test request from the external application to the HighLevel Webhook URL to ensure the integration is functioning correctly.
5. Map Incoming Data
:
In HighLevel, you can select and map the data received from the external application to relevant fields or variables within your workflow.
6. Save the Trigger
:
Once configured, click "Save Trigger" to finalize the setup.
Example
Scenario: Integrating a Payment Processor
1. Webhook URL
: You create a workflow in HighLevel and generate a Webhook URL.
2. External Application Setup
: In a payment processing application like Stripe, you set up a webhook that triggers when a payment is successful. You configure it to send a POST request to the HighLevel Webhook URL with payment details in JSON format.
3. Data Sent
: The JSON payload might look like this
{
  "customer_id": "CUST_001",
  "amount": 100,
  "currency": "USD",
  "status": "successful"
}
4. Workflow Action
: Upon receiving this data, the HighLevel workflow can be set to:
Update the lead's status to "Paid."
Send a confirmation email to the customer.
Trigger additional follow-up actions based on the payment status.
This integration allows for real-time updates and automations, enhancing the efficiency of your HighLevel CRM processes.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
