---
Title: Company Based Workflows - Company Triggers & Actions
Category: Companies
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000006688-company-based-workflows-company-triggers-actions
Word Count: 1047
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:59:18.954446
---

Take your B2B automation to the next level. Company-Based Workflows let you trigger and run automations directly on Company records—so you can onboard accounts, sync data, and keep every contact in-step without touching another tool.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is Company-Based Workflows?
Key Benefits of Company-Based Workflows
Company Workflow Triggers & Actions
Typical Use Cases
How To Set Up Company-Based Workflows
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is Company-Based Workflows?
Company-Based Workflows let you automate at the
account level
by targeting the
Company
object—rather than a single Contact. This enables onboarding, lifecycle updates, data hygiene, and reporting alignment for B2B accounts with multiple stakeholders, all from one centralized automation.
Company-Based Workflows are a workflow type in HighLevel that starts from Company events (for example, when a Company is created or updated) and runs actions that write directly to Company fields or to
Contacts associated with that Company
. This bridges the gap between contact-level and account-level automation, unlocking true B2B use cases in HighLevel.
Key Benefits of Company-Based Workflows
Focusing automation at the Company level improves data consistency and operational efficiency across teams. The benefits below frame the
business outcomes
customers can expect, with examples for real-world implementation.
B2B onboarding
: Launch account-level onboarding the moment a Company is created.
Data sync
: Keep Company and associated Contact data aligned to reduce manual updates.
CRM hygiene
: Clear outdated Company fields on status changes to maintain clean reports.
Ownership consistency
: Standardize Account Owner assignment for all related Contacts.
Works with Contact workflows
: Combine Company and Contact workflows to design end-to-end automation.
Company Workflow Triggers & Actions
Use this matrix to plan
when
a Company-based workflow should start and
what
it should do. Triggers define the starting event on the
Company
object, while actions update Company fields, create/associate records, or optionally impact
associated Contacts
. Filter triggers to narrow scope, and choose actions that align with your data model and safeguards.
Company Workflow Triggers
Name (UI label)
Starts When
Filters/Conditions
Company Created
A new Company record is added
Basic filters; segment by owner, tags, fields, or other attributes
Company Changed
One or more Company fields are updated
Field/value conditions (where available) to react only to specific changes
Company Workflow Actions
Name (UI label)
Available In
Primary Purpose
Key Options
Create Company or Associated Contact
Company-based & Contact-based
Create a new Company or add a Contact to an existing Company
Choose create mode; map essential fields
Update Company or Associated Contact
Company-based & Contact-based
Keep Company data current and optionally sync to associated Contacts
Map fields with static or dynamic values; option to apply to associated Contacts (where available)
Clear Fields of Company or Associated Contact
Company-based & Contact-based
Remove outdated values to maintain CRM hygiene
Select specific fields to reset
Create Associated Company
Contact-based only
Create and link a Company from a Contact record
Map Company fields from Contact/context
Update Associated Company
Contact-based only
Update the Company linked to the current Contact
Map fields; optionally gate with conditions
Clear Fields of Associated Company
Contact-based only
Reset selected Company fields from a Contact-based workflow
Choose fields to clear
Typical Use Cases
Use cases translate features into
repeatable recipes
. Start here to design a first pass, then refine with conditions and branching as your process matures.
Onboard new client Companies
: Assign Account Owner, set lifecycle stage, and notify all associated Contacts with a welcome email sequence.
Mirror lifecycle stages
: When a Company’s health or status changes, update relevant flags on associated Contacts for success and retention workflows.
Data hygiene
: Clear time-bound fields (e.g., promo or temporary discounts) after a set duration.
Create Companies from inbound forms
: Build a Company from a B2B lead form and immediately associate the submitting Contact.
Push Company attributes to Contacts
: Sync domain, industry, segment, or plan tier to Contacts for segmentation and reporting.
How To Set Up Company-Based Workflows
A clean setup ensures accurate triggers, safe field updates, and predictable outcomes. Build in a test path first, then roll out widely to production Companies.
Create the workflow
Navigate to
Automation → Workflows → + Create Workflow
.
Choose
Company-based Workflow
as the type.
Add a trigger
Select
Company Created
or
Company Changed
.
Add actions
Drag in
Update Company or Associated Contact
,
Create Company or Associated Contact
, or
Clear Fields…
as needed. Map fields using static values or dynamic variables.
Where applicable, choose whether to apply updates to associated Contacts.
Add logic, delays, and branches (optional)
Use Conditions, If/Else, or Wait steps to control timing and scope.
Keep loops in check—avoid bi-directional “mirror” updates without guardrails.
Save, test, then publish
Save
and enroll a small set of Companies to validate mappings.
Review the execution log for successful actions.
Publish
once validated.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can one workflow update both the Company and its associated Contacts?
Yes. Use
Update Company or Associated Contact
and select options to apply changes to associated Contacts where available.
Q: Can I create a Company from a Contact-based workflow?
Yes. Use
Create Associated Company
in a Contact-based workflow to build and link a Company record.
Q: How do I avoid update loops between Company and Contact workflows?
Use conditions (for example, a “last updated by automation” tag/field or a boolean flag) and avoid bi-directional updates without guardrails.
Q: Can I bulk-enroll existing Companies into a new Company-based workflow?
Use filters or Smart Lists to enroll a targeted set of Companies, validate on a small batch, then scale up.
Q: What permissions are required to build and publish these workflows?
Users need permissions to access
Workflows
and view/update
Companies
and
Contacts
in the sub-account.
Related Articles
Getting Started with Companies
Company Object Feature: A Manual Way to Organize Contacts
Company Object Automation
Getting Started with Workflows
Workflow Builder Walkthrough
A List of Workflow Actions
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
