---
Title: Tap to Pay
Category: Payments
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000950-tap-to-pay
Word Count: 653
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:49:20.016066
---

More Tutorials from the Community
https://youtu.be/vun81GoKARg
https://youtu.be/u1tXeh_tXbw
https://youtu.be/79Fx5g5ZFeE
https://youtu.be/QHQOOhgfFjc
More Tutorials from the Community
https://youtu.be/6BfVcFX1XqI
https://youtu.be/kosXwgugvLg
https://youtu.be/54-1g1NvkYo
https://youtu.be/IPKIkQD7jdw
POS (Point of Sale) Collections are now possible through this option. Tap 2 Pay offers a checkout experience like no other with its swift and secure way to collect payments.
Covered in this article:
What makes it a good payment collection option?
How to Use Tap to Pay
Supported Devices
Join the Beta Program to activate Tap 2 Pay
Please Note
:
This feature is currently available ONLY for US locations. It will only be available once you join the BETA program (For other countries outside the US). Check the links at the end of the article to join the Beta Program.
What makes it a good payment collection option?
1.
Seamless Transactions
- Completing transactions via POS has never been smoother with
Tap to Pay
. It works with compatible contactless payment options.
2.
Speed and Convenience
- Tap your customers' compatible card or smartphone using the App, and you're done! No swiping, no PINS, and no signatures. It's that easy!
3.
Enhanced Security
- Rest assured, your and your customers' financial information is always protected. Tap to Pay uses cutting-edge encryption technology to safeguard your transactions.
4.
Wide Compatibility
- Whether your customers prefer using contactless credit cards or mobile wallet apps like Apple Pay or Google Pay, Tap to Pay supports them all.
How to Use Tap to Pay
On the Mobile App, choose
Point of Sale
.
Enter the amount for the transaction and put in some details about the sale by clicking on
+Note
.
Please Note
:
Make sure that your Stripe account is connected/integrated on the Web app prior to accessing Tap 2 Pay on the mobile app. If you see a message saying "Stripe not connected" then that means you need to integrate it on the web app first.
You can integrate your Stripe account by going to
Payments
>
Integrations
>
Connect with Stripe
Ensure the location on the mobile app is configured correctly, as Tap 2 Pay only works for specific locations (Currently US only).
Once everything has been configured and set, you can now use Tap 2 Pay. After putting in the amount and note, click on
Charge (Amount)
Wait for it to load and connect to the reader.
Add a tip on top of the amount if necessary. You can also customize the amount for the tip by clicking "Custom." If not, then just proceed with "No tip."
Ask your customer to tap their contactless payment method (e.g., Credit card, Apple Pay, etc.) to the App for the app to collect the payment to your Stripe account.
Once it goes through, you'll see "Approved, Payment Successful" on the screen, the name of the business and also a transaction ID.
Supported Devices
1. All Android devices (with NFC capability) running on Android 8 OS or later.
2. For iPhone Users:
An iPhone XS or later running on iOS 16 or later (US)
Please Note
:
Tap to Pay won't work on the Beta releases of iOS. We also highly recommend to update to the latest OS for the best experience.
Join the Beta Program to activate Tap 2 Pay
(Tap to Pay is currently in Beta in most countries except for the US)
Click the links below according to the app you're using
1. Android:
GHL App
LeadConnector App
2. For iPhone Users:
GHL App
LeadConnector App
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
