---
Title: How to Submit In-App Translation Feedback
Category: Internationalization
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000006327-how-to-submit-in-app-translation-feedback
Word Count: 544
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:55:21.951370
---

This feature lets Agency Admins flag incorrect or unclear translations directly from the HighLevel interface, no external tickets needed. This guide explains what the feature does, who can use it, where it appears, and how to submit high-quality feedback with screenshots so that your team can keep localization accurate across everyday workflows.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Translation Feedback Feature?
Key Benefits of Translation Feedback Feature
How to Use the Translation Feedback Feature
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Translation Feedback Feature?
Report Translation Feedback is a built-in feature that surfaces a
report icon in the top bar
so eligible users can submit translation issues without leaving the current page. Submissions help the product team quickly identify strings that need review, improving accuracy and consistency across the platform.
Note:
The feature is
not visible
when the platform
language
is
set to
English
.
Submit feedback
from the page where you see the issue.
Attach a
screenshot
to highlight the exact string.
Your report is routed for review; you’ll be
notified when it’s fixed.
Key Benefits of Translation Feedback Feature
Understanding the benefits helps you decide when to use the in-app report versus opening a general support ticket.
Real-time capture
: Report issues in the moment, from the exact screen you’re using.
Lower effort
: Avoid external tickets for routine translation fixes.
Higher quality
: Add screenshots so reviewers can pinpoint the exact string.
Faster iteration
: Centralized reports streamline localization improvements.
How to Use the Translation Feedback Feature
Follow these steps to submit actionable translation feedback directly from the UI.
Confirm you’re logged in as
Agency Owner/Admin
and your language is
not English
.
Open the page where the translation issue appears.
Click the
Report Translation Issue
icon (top bar).
The content of the panel will appear in the selected platform language.
Attach a
screenshot
(mandatory) that clearly shows the problematic area and its location.
Select the
issue type
(e.g., incorrect translation, grammar, incorrect formatting).
Add a
brief description
.
Under
Where Did You See This?
section, add the
path, e.g. Dashboard>Funnel>Step Builder
.
Click the
Report Issue
button.
You’ll be informed when the issue is resolved.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Who can access the Report Translation Feedback feature?
Agency Owner and Agency Admin roles.
Q: I can’t see the icon, why?
The feature is hidden for English language settings and only appears for Agency Owner/Admin roles.
Q: What should I include in my report?
A short description, the correct wording, and a screenshot showing the issue in context.
Q: How will I know when it’s fixed?
You’ll be informed when the reported translation is resolved.
Related Articles
The Internationalization Of HighLevel Has Begun!
Internationalization For Client-Portal & Child Apps
Workflow Action - Translate Content
Voice AI: Translation Service for Call Transcript & Summary
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
