---
Title: Overview of Chat Widget Customizations
Category: Sites
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations
Word Count: 374
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:45:28.290678
---

We're thrilled to unveil a brand-new raevolutionaried feature in Chat Widget - You can now customise the chat widget according to your test with the placement, look and feel and bring more customisations.
How Does It Work?
Navigate to Sites > Go to Chat Widget
Click on New to Create Chat Widget
Select the option between the SMS/Email Widget, Live Chat or WhatApp Chat
Once that is done, you will be able to go to Widget to customise the look and feel with options of different style and themes. There options to select the avatar images, select the placements and size of the widget.
Add Chat Launcher with or without prompt
Select the Chat icon
Select the theme or customise according to your brand
Allow users to add the message for first time and return visitors
Add Avatar images
Select where you would like to add the widget placement
Widget dimension - keep it auto or customise it with width and height
Next is Chat Window, all the message which are static visible to visitors are configured here. For each type, the chat widget adds extra fields. In Chat window, they are asking for branding and compliance parts.
Add Chat Window title, Intro message, allow user to enable email and change CTA button
Allow users to add their own branding and legal consent for HIPAA
The last option is messaging which allow customisation of acknowledgement and language settings.
Adding support contact details, acknowledgement message and greetings
User can select the language for the chat widget
Few Notes
If you were already using the chat widget, it will show in the Widget option of theme with light blue color
Wordpress plugin will work for default widget, allowing user to select the widget will be part of upcoming releases.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
