---
Title: How to Create a Brand Board
Category: Marketing
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003136-how-to-create-a-brand-board
Word Count: 780
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:43:09.132673
---

This article will show you how to create a Brand Board in HighLevel! A Brand Board helps you store and organize your company's logos, color palette, and fonts so you can apply consistent branding across emails, funnels, websites, and more. You can create a Brand Board from scratch or by using one of the available templates.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is a Brand Board?
Key Benefits of Brand Boards
How to Create a Brand Board
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is a Brand Board?
A Brand Board in HighLevel is a centralized space where you can define and manage your brand's visual identity. Each Brand Board contains a Design Kit that includes your logos, brand colors, and typography choices. Once set up, these assets can be easily applied across various parts of your account for a cohesive brand look.
Key Benefits of Brand Boards
Brand Consistency:
A brand board keeps all your visual elements in one place, so you use the same logo, colors, and fonts everywhere. This helps make sure that your brand looks the same whether it’s on your website, in your emails, or on social media.
Time Efficiency:
Instead of hunting for your logo files or trying to remember your brand’s color codes, a brand board lets you access everything quickly. This makes creating new materials faster and simpler.
Easy Management:
Managing your brand’s visual elements is a breeze with a brand board. You can quickly find and use your logos, colors, and fonts, making sure everything stays consistent and on-brand.
How to Create a Brand Board
Creating your own brand board is simple. Just follow these steps:
Step 1:
Create a new design kit
In the left-hand menu, go to
Marketing
In the top navigation bar, click
Brand Boards
Click the blue
+ Add a Design Kit
button
Step 2:
Choose a template or start from scratch
Selec
t Start from
Blank
to build your kit manually or select a Template to start with predefined styles
Once your selection is made, click the blue
C
ontinue
button
Step 3:
Add your logo
Click the
Logos
tab
Upload both your primary and secondary logos
Step 4:
Add your brand colors
Click the
Colors
tab
Add your brand colors using the HEX or RGB color picker
Rename the colors for easy reference
You must include at least 2 colors and can add up to 10
Step 5:
Set up your fonts
Click the
Typography
tab.
Add fonts using the dropdown fields.
You can add between 1 to 5 fonts.
And that’s it! With your brand board ready, you’ll have all your branding elements neatly organized and easy to use. This makes maintaining your brand’s look and feel effortless.
View related articles to learn more on how to use brand boards in emails, websites and funnels.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Will changing the colors in the brand board retrospectively change colors in existing emails or funnels?
No, changing the colors in the brand board will not retroactively update the colors in existing emails or funnels. The brand board's color section is used for quick access, and the updated colors will only influence the color picker behavior for future use. Existing designs and content will remain unchanged.
Q: How do I make a Brand Board the default for new projects?
Use the three-dot menu and click Set as Default.
Q: Can I edit my Brand Board later?
Yes, click the three-dot menu next to the Brand Board and select Edit.
Q: Can I delete a Brand Board?
Yes. Use the three-dot menu and choose Delete. Be cautious as this cannot be undone.
Q: What is the limit for adding colors, logos and fonts in a design kit?
You can add up to 5 fonts, 10 colors and 2 logos in a brand board
Q: Where will I see the logos added?
You will find a folder in your media library with the Brand Board name. This is available for quick access. You can also delete the old logos in media library if needed.
Related Articles
How to use Brand Boards in Funnels and Websites?
How to use Brand Boards in emails?
How to change default Brand Board?
Brand Voice in Brand Boards
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
