---
Title: Client Portal Dashboard
Category: Client Portal
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001205-client-portal-dashboard
Word Count: 387
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:57:06.237819
---

More Tutorials from the Community
https://youtu.be/XLkDEt9Wqkc
https://youtu.be/62skgJ9Z2uY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnuIT8Otf2Y
https://youtu.be/lj0QrN505RQ
The new client portal dashboard gives you an overview of users invited/joined in the client portal and allows you to take certain actions like generating a magic link,Inviting a user to client portal or sending them login information via email
In this article
Client Portal URL
Invited Users Vs Joined Users
Action 1- Magic Link
Action 2- Invite to client Portal
Action 3- Login Email
Client Portal URL
You can copy client portal url and send it to your clients. This URL is updated based on your custom domain selection
Invited Users Vs Joined Users
The invited users shows you the count of users that has been invited to the client portal by selecting the invite option from the action menu
Joined users are the actual number of users who have joined your client portal
Action 1- Magic Link
Magic links will let your contacts directly log in to the client portal without needing them to log in. Magic links are useful when you send them over email or messages.
Note Magic links are generated at per contact level ,if you want to use magic links as emails with workflow triggers please use the custom values available that will automatically fetch the required data and build the magic link.
Action 2- Invite to client Portal
You can invite new users to client portal by clicking on the invite action.You can either invite and already existing contact or enter an email address. The invitation will go from your default domain
Action 3- Login Email
login email sends an automatic email to your contacts with a quick login button.Your  clients can use the login button in the email to login to the client portal with requiring them to enter their password
Note: You can select multiple contacts and send them login email together
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
