---
Title: Automatic Review Request When Invoice Paid in Quickbooks
Category: Integrations
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000004140-automatic-review-request-when-invoice-paid-in-quickbooks
Word Count: 429
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:58:16.192973
---

The Quickbooks integration comes with a built-in automation to
send a Review Request
whenever a contact's first invoice is paid in full (balance drops to $0). This is independent of manual and workflow actions to send a Review Request. This can be left enabled, or it can be disabled.
Click here to learn more about the Quickbooks Integration.
The Quickbooks Automatic Review Request is built into the integration, it does not use the HighLevel Workflow triggers/actions. The Workflow trigger for Invoice Paid does not respond to invoices paid in Quickbooks, only to invoices paid in HighLevel.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Quickbooks Automatic Review Request?
Why does the Quickbooks integration have an automatic Review Request?
How can I turn on off / disable the Quickbooks automatic Review Request?
What is the Quickbooks Automatic Review Request?
A Review Request is a HighLevel feature that sends a prebuilt message (email or SMS) to a contact asking them to review the service provider. The Quickbooks integration is a feature that connects Quickbooks to HighLevel so that certain information can be passed back and forth. The Quickbooks integration has a built-in automation that will send a Review Request to a contact the first time they pay an invoice down to $0.
You can c
ustomize the Review Request message here.
Why does the Quickbooks integration have an automatic Review Request?
Every small business should be asking for reviews and most of them aren't asking often enough. An excellent time to ask for a review is right after the first transaction has closed. This can be automated by connecting to Quickbooks to get a message when the first invoice is paid down to $0.
How can I turn off / disable the Quickbooks automatic Review Request?
For a period of time there was no way to disable this automatic Review Request. In Oct 2024 a new feature was released that allows toggling this feature on / off. You can control this in Subaccount > Settings > Integrations > Quickbook Integration > deselect "Send Review Requests for contacts". You can turn it back on / reenable later.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
