---
Title: Creating and Editing Custom Objects
Category: Custom Objects.
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003897-creating-and-editing-custom-objects
Word Count: 413
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:58:57.674285
---

Custom Objects provide a powerful way to structure and manage this information
if you have specialized data to track— such as properties, pets, events, or legal cases.
Before creating your first custom object, do check out -
Getting Started with Custom Objects
Only
admins
have create, update and delete access for Custom Objects. Users have
read-only access
to view details but they cannot make changes to Custom Objects
There can be a maximum of 10
custom objects
created in a location
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Step 1: Create Custom Object
Step 2: Add Details about Custom Object
Step 3: Editing a Custom Object
Step 1: Create Custom Object
Go to Subaccount > Settings > Objects
Click on "Add Custom Object"
Step 2: Add Details about Custom Object
Mention the singular name of the object e.g. Pet
A plural name of the object should be added e.g. Pets
Internal Name of the object and the primary field is created by default - it can be edited by clicking on the "</>" icon and updating the internal name.
Add a name for the primary display field name - e.g. Pet Name, Pet Identification Number
Add an icon to easily identify the custom object
Also - add a description to the object to help anyone understand what the object signifies.
Click on "Create Custom Object"
Step 3: Editing a Custom Object
Once the Custom Object is created, the custom object will start appearing on the same page.
You can click on any of the Custom Objects to start editing its details.
Note that the primary display field and the internal names cannot be edited once created.
Deleting a Custom Object
Click on the 3 dots near the custom object name
Select "Delete" from the dropdown.
Type "DELETE" in the text box and confirm deletion.
The custom object is now deleted
Deleting a custom object is an irreversible action. Once a custom object is deleted, all its records, associations, workflows and custom fields will be deleted and cannot be recovered anymore.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
