---
Title: How to Create Dashboard Templates
Category: Dashboards
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003969-how-to-create-dashboard-templates
Word Count: 633
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:51:25.541326
---

Dashboard templates streamline the process of replicating dashboards across different sub-accounts, saving time and effort. This guide provides a step-by-step walkthrough for creating a dashboard template and using it to create new dashboards. Learn how to efficiently manage and reuse dashboards with these simple steps.
Table of Contents:
1.    What Are Dashboard Templates?
2.    Why Should You Use Dashboard Templates?
3.    Where to Find Dashboard Templates?
4.    How to Create Dashboard Templates
5.    Frequently Asked Questions
What Are Dashboard Templates?
Dashboard templates are reusable frameworks designed to replicate dashboards across multiple sub-accounts. By saving an existing dashboard as a template, you can maintain consistency across your accounts while significantly reducing setup time. Templates make it easy to standardize reporting and ensure every account has access to essential metrics and visualizations.
Why Should You Use Dashboard Templates?
Using dashboard templates helps solve common challenges in managing dashboards across multiple accounts. These include:
•
Time-Saving:
Eliminates the need to manually recreate dashboards for each sub-account.
•
Consistency:
Ensures uniformity in data representation across accounts.
•
Scalability:
Streamlines processes for agencies managing multiple clients.
•
Efficiency:
Simplifies updates and modifications by centralizing dashboard templates.
Where to Find Dashboard Templates?
To access dashboard templates:
1.    Switch to Agency View in your software.
2.    Navigate to the Template Library section to
browse, create, or manage dashboard templates directly from this area.
How to Create Dashboard Templates
Follow these steps to create a dashboard template:
Step 1: Switch to Agency View
Ensure you’re in the Agency View mode of your software.
Step 2: Navigate to Template Library
In the Agency View, locate and click on Template Library in the navigation menu.
Step 3: Create a New Template
Click on Create a Template to start the process of creating a dashboard template.
Step 4: Select Source Sub-Account
Choose the sub-account that contains the source dashboard you want to replicate.
Step 5: Choose Product Type
From the dropdown menu, select Dashboards as the product type.
Step 6: Select the Dashboard
Pick the dashboard you wish to turn into a template, then click
"Continue."
Step 7: Add Details
Provide additional information, such as:
•    A relevant category for organization.
•    Tags for easier searchability.
•    A description and cover image for identification.
Step 8: Publish the Template
After reviewing your settings, click Publish Template. Your new template will now be visible in the Template List.
Quick Tip:
To quickly upload a dashboard as a template, click on the three dots next to the dashboard and select Upload as Template.
How to Create a New Dashboard Using Templates
Follow these steps to create a new dashboard from an existing template:
Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard Page
Go to the Dashboard page in your account.
Step 2: Click on Add Dashboard
Click the blue dashboard icon with the dropdown and select Add Dashboard.
Step 3: Select From Template Library
Choose From Template Library in the options provided. Click
"Select"
tab at the bottom.
Step 4: Choose the Template
Browse the library, select the template you want to use. On the next page, and click
"Continue"
button located at the top right corner.
Step 5: You're All Set!
lGive it a moment to add the template to your dashboard. Once done, you can go to "edit" option to customize the layout of the dashboard.
Frequently Asked Questions
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
