---
Title: Payments - What is listed on the Subscriptions page?
Category: Payments
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001225935-payments-what-is-listed-on-the-subscriptions-page-
Word Count: 551
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:49:43.188142
---

In this article, we will cover the subscription tab and how it works
Please head into
Payments
> Then click on
Subscriptions
Please Note:
Only subscriptions created via funnel version 2 order forms are listed on the subscriptions page.
The ability to cancel subscriptions/initiate refunds will be added soon to manage subscriptions without heading to Stripe
Covered in this article:
What is listed on the Subscriptions page?
What is listed in the subscription details?
What does the status of the subscription represent?
Will these subscription statuses remain in sync with Stripe / Paypal?
Will the subscriptions page contain the list of subscriptions that did not get created because of payment failure on the order form?
What is not contained on the subscriptions page?
What is listed on the Subscriptions page?
The list would contain all subscriptions created via 1-step or 2-step order forms in
funnels version 2
mentioning:
Payment Provider and Subscription id
Customer details
Source of subscription creation
Date of creation
Subscription amount
Status of subscription
What is listed in the subscription details?
Payment provider details along with details of the source of subscription creation.
Subsequent transactions happening in the subscription in case the subscription was created on Stripe
What does the status of the subscription represent?
Status
Stripe
Paypal
Trial
trialing
Active
active
active
Canceled
canceled
canceled
Suspended
suspended
Failed
incomplete_expired
Incomplete
incomplete, past_due
approval pending, approved
Unpaid
unpaid
Expired
expired
We have bucketed the status of the subscription in Stripe and Paypal according to the above mapping. Refer here to know what these status subscriptions mean in
Stripe
and
Paypal
Will these subscription statuses remain in sync with Stripe / Paypal?
For Stripe,
the subscription status and payments received will remain in sync with what is happening in your Stripe dashboard. For example, if you cancel the subscription on Stripe, it will reflect as Canceled in your subscriptions list as well. All the upcoming payments received will also remain in sync with your Stripe dashboard.
The subscription status
will not remain in sync
if the subscription was created on
Paypal.
Also, in case the subscription was created on Paypal, the subscription details will as of now not capture the upcoming payments as well. The subscription entry will get created though for you to track the subscriptions that got created via Paypal.
Will the subscriptions page contain the list of subscriptions that did not get created because of payment failure on the order form?
No, in case the payment failed while making the first payment for the subscription while submitting the order form, it would not get registered on the subscriptions page. You can still track the contact as the contact will get created in both 1-step and 2-step order forms.
What is not contained on the subscriptions page?
Recurring templates created in the invoices section
Subscriptions created inside the Memberships section
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
