---
Title: User Access
Category: Settings
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000982600-user-access
Word Count: 730
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:50:38.705759
---

Managing who has access to your HighLevel account(s) is crucial for security, efficiency, and accountability. This article explains how to set up and control user access both at the
agency level
(across all your client accounts) and at the
sub-account / team level
(within a specific client account). It also describes what user attributes and permissions you can configure.
Agency Team Management
Who this is for
This section applies if you’re an agency owner or admin and need to grant access to employees or client personnel across multiple client accounts.
How to access
Go to
Settings
from the side navigation menu while in
Agency View
.
Select
Team
.
What you can do
From here, you can add new users, edit existing ones, or delete users.
When adding or editing a user, you can modify the following:
Personal logo
(for user profile)
First name
Last name
Email address
(this is used as the login email)
Phone number
Password
Permissions
(see the
Agency | Managing user roles & permissions
article for the details)
User Type
— two choices:
Agency
: user can access
all
client accounts under the agency
Account
: user can access
only selected
client accounts
Account assignment
:
If
Agency
type is chosen, you specify which client accounts the user gets notifications for
If
Account
type is selected, you choose which specific client accounts the user can access
Team Management (Sub-Account Level)
Who this is for
Used by clients or team members within a specific client’s HighLevel account. Any user added here will also be visible under Agency Team Management.
How to access
Switch to the relevant
sub-account.
In the side navigation, go to
Settings
.
Click
My Staff
.
What you can do
As with agency-level user management, here you can add, delete, or edit users. For each user, you can modify:
Personal logo
First name
Last name
Email (login)
Phone number
Password
Permissions
(again, see
User Roles, Permissions and Assigned data : Subaccount
)
Permissions & Roles Overview
(If you’re not already familiar with how permission settings work, this section helps you understand what control you have.)
You can fine-tune what a user can do by assigning roles or permission scopes. These determine what parts of HighLevel the user can access (e.g. marketing tools, settings, campaigns), what actions they can perform (view, edit, delete), and which accounts their access applies to.
Best Practices
Least Privilege Principle
: Give users only the permissions they need. Avoid giving full agency access unless absolutely necessary.
Use Account-type users
when you want someone to have limited access (e.g. sales or support assistant for one client).
Track changes
: Maintain clear records of who has what access and when changes are made (helps with audits or troubleshooting).
Review access periodically
: People’s roles change, so prune permissions or remove users who no longer need them.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What’s the difference between “Agency” user type vs “Account” user type?
An
Agency
user type grants access across all client accounts under your agency. An
Account
user type restricts access to only the client accounts you explicitly select.
Q: If I add a user under “My Staff” in a sub‐account, will they appear in Agency Team Management?
Yes — all users added in sub-accounts (“My Staff”) are also visible under the Agency’s Team list.
Q: Can I set different permission levels for different users?
Absolutely. The permissions settings let you control precisely which features and actions each user can use.
Q: How do I change someone’s access later if their role changes?
Go to the relevant user record (either in Agency Team or My Staff), edit their user type, assigned accounts, or permissions as needed.
Related Articles
Admin Vs. User Roles and Permission Scopes
User Roles, Permissions and Assigned Data: Subaccount
How to Create a User or Admin to Manage Multiple HL Locations Without Giving Them Agency Access?
Agency | Managing user roles & permissions
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
