---
Title: How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests
Category: Developer Resources
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests
Word Count: 565
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:52:10.738855
---

Things To Note:
The steps in this article are for Advanced Integration and for informational purposes only.
While
we
do not
currently service or support either the Basic or Advanced API
due to their complexities, we have many tools and groups to help you get started and connected! For assistance with APIs, you can join our Developer Council Slack Community here:
https://www.gohighlevel.com/dev-slack
We also hold a
Developer Council Zoom Call once a month
(second to last Friday) which you can find on the Events calendar here:
https://www.gohighlevel.com/events
For more information and links to our API documentation, visit our developer's website:
https://developers.gohighlevel.com/
STEPS:
1.
Go to Webhook.site
2. Click on "Copy to clipboard" next to your unique Testing Webhook on the homepage
3. Go to Your Custom Integration like Zapier or other third-party solution
For this example, we are using Zapier, and to use Webook.site to test you will need to click "Set Up Action"
4. Replace the HighLevel API URL with the Webhook.site testing URL
Temporarily swap out the HighLevel API URL for the Webhook.site URL for testing purposes. You'll follow a similar process for any other custom integration that is POSTING data into HighLevel.
5. Save your updates
Make sure to save your changes, then run whatever flow you have in place that would normally execute the webhook. If your tool or integration (like Zapier, Integromat, etc.) has a built-in testing tool, don't utilize this. Instead, use a real-world example. If the webhook is triggered when a form is submitted, go to the form and submit a test. If the automation fires when an action is performed in an external system, perform said action.
This will provide you and your developers with the most accurate information, and will be incredibly valuable when troubleshooting advanced API-related issues.
6. Review Payload Data
Next, you'll be presented with the raw data being received by HighLevel anytime the webhook is executed. You can compare this with the information available on our API documentation websites to test your configuration.
7. Click Copy
Click Copy in the Upper Right of the Raw Data input box to copy the entire Payload. Save this for troubleshooting with your developers, or with the HighLevel team.
Related Articles:
HighLevel API
Creating Subaccounts Using Zapier
Troubleshooting:
For more information and links to our API documentation, visit our developer's website:
https://developers.gohighlevel.com/
The steps in this article are for Advanced Integration and for informational purposes only.
While
we do not currently service or support either the Basic or Advanced API
due to their complexities, we have many tools and groups to help you get started and connected! For assistance with APIs, you can join our Developer Council Slack Community here:
https://www.gohighlevel.com/dev-slack
We also hold a Developer Council Zoom Call once a month (second to last Friday) which you can find on the Events calendar here:
https://www.gohighlevel.com/events
For more information and links to our API documentation, visit our developer's website:
https://developers.gohighlevel.com/
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
