---
Title: Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts
Category: Phone System
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts
Word Count: 971
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:41:02.082340
---

Learn how to create a regulatory bundle and address for sub-accounts in HighLevel using LC Phone. This ensures compliance with telecom regulations so you can successfully purchase phone numbers in regulated countries.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is a Regulatory Bundle?
Key Benefits of Regulatory Bundles
How to Create a Regulatory Bundle
Step 1: Navigate to Regulatory Bundle/Address
Step 2: Create a Regulatory Bundle
Step 3: Create a New Address Bundle
Assigning a Regulatory Bundle to a Phone Number
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is a Regulatory Bundle?
Regulatory Bundles are required by telecom carriers to verify the identity and location of businesses or individuals purchasing phone numbers in certain countries. These bundles include documentation such as government-issued ID, utility bills, or business registration details, and help ensure legal compliance with local number ownership laws.
Without a regulatory bundle, phone numbers in regulated regions cannot be activated. LC Phone users can manage this process directly within the HighLevel platform.
Key Benefits of Regulatory Bundles
Submitting a regulatory bundle is essential for purchasing international phone numbers in compliance with regional laws. This process ensures verified identity, prevents telecom issues, and simplifies global number management across your agency.
Compliance with Local Telecom Regulations:
Meets legal requirements in regulated countries to activate and maintain phone numbers.
Improved Deliverability and Service Quality:
Verified bundles reduce the risk of carrier filtering, suspension, or number removal.
In-App Management:
Allows regulatory bundles to be created and submitted directly inside HighLevel — no need to leave the platform.
Faster Setup with Built-In Compliance Tab:
For LC Phone users, the Compliance tab streamlines document upload and address validation.
How to Create a Regulatory Bundle
LC Phone users can create and manage regulatory bundles directly within HighLevel using the built-in Compliance tab in each Sub-Account.
Step 1:
Navigate to Regulatory Bundle/Address
Navigate to the desired
Sub-Account
in your HighLevel Agency Dashboard.
Open the
Settings
navigation menu on the left side of the page
Choose the tab labeled
Phone Numbers
on the left
Select the tab labeled
Regulatory Bundle/Address
at the top
Step 2:
Create a New Address Bundle
Click the blue button in the upper left labelled
+
Create
A popup will appear with the options of Address Bundle or Regulatory Bundle. Select
Address Bundle
.
Fill out requested business information including Business/Individual Name, Full Street Address, City, State/Province, Postal Code and Country
Click on
Submit.
Step 3:
Create a Regulatory Bundle
Click the blue button in the upper left labelled
+
Create
A popup will appear with the options of Address Bundle or Regulatory Bundle. Select
Regulatory Bundle
.
Using the
Select County
dropdown menu, select the desired country
Using the
Select Number Type
selector, choose the type of number desired
Fill out requested
Business Information
.
Upload
Supporting Documents
.
Note:
While not all countries require documents, many do. Required document types and rules vary based on the country and usage.
Submit
bundle for review
Assigning a Regulatory Bundle to a Phone Number
Once a regulatory bundle is approved, it must be assigned to the number you're purchasing. This step is required to activate regulated numbers and verify compliance before use.
Click on
Settings
from your sub-account
.
Click on
Phone Numbers
.
Click
+ Add Number
button and select
Add
Phone
Number
from the dropdown.
Select the desired
Country
and a
Number
.
If the number requires a regulatory bundle, you'll see
Required
under the
Address
Requirement
column.
Click on the
Proceed to Buy
button.
Use the dropdown to assign your approved
R
egulatory bundle
.
Click on
Proceed to Buy
button to complete the purchase.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What is a regulatory bundle, and why is it needed?
A regulatory bundle is a set of documents used to verify the identity and location of a person or business. It's required to purchase phone numbers in countries with telecom regulations, ensuring legal use and compliance.
Q: Where do I create a regulatory bundle in HighLevel?
Go to the Sub-Account, click
Phone Numbers
, and then open the
Compliance
tab. From there, click
Create Bundle
to begin the submission process.
Q: What documents are required to create a bundle?
Many countries require supporting documents (like proof of address, business registration and identity). Requirements vary by country and use type (personal or business).
Q: How long does bundle approval take?
Most regulatory bundles are reviewed and approved within 72 hours. Ensure your documents are clear and accurate to avoid delays.
Q: Can I reuse a bundle for multiple phone numbers?
Yes. Once approved, a regulatory bundle can be used for additional phone numbers, as long as they fall under the same regulation and region.
Q: What happens if my bundle is rejected?
You'll receive a reason for rejection. You can update the documents or details and resubmit the bundle for another review.
Q: Can I edit or delete an existing bundle?
Bundles cannot be edited once submitted, but you can create a new bundle and use that instead. Deletion options depend on review status and assignment history.
Related Articles
How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account
Create Regulatory Bundle from within the Web App
Regulatory Bundle Creation and View for LC Phone Accounts
How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?
What is LC - Phone System?
How to buy a toll free number inside GHL?
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
