---
Title: What is LC Email?
Category: Email
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-
Word Count: 1022
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:41:34.522086
---

LC Email is an "Email Service Provider", or the "engine" that powers email. It helps agencies avoid the hassle of signing up for Mailgun or another 3rd party email service provider external to the system. In the past, when an agency signed up, they would need to integrate with Mailgun or another email service provider to send/receive email. With LC Email, sending and receiving email works on every sub-account with very little setup required.
If you are looking to migrate over to
LC Email
please see the setup guide:
how to Migrate over to LC Email
.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is LC Email?
Why was this feature built?
LC Email Pricing
LC Email Verification Pricing
Ramp-Up Model:
Extend Sending Limit:
How Does This Impact Affiliates?
FAQ
What is LC Email?
LC Email acts as an email service provider hosted by the CRM, which has industry-leading Deliverability, Error Monitoring, and Compliance so your emails are much more likely to be delivered. It's also considerably less expensive when compared to other email service providers in the market.
Why was this feature built?
LC Email is designed to help agencies avoid the hassle of setting up and managing 3rd party email service providers like Mailgun or Sendgrid.
As such, we built LC Email to work out-of-the-box with minimal setup and configuration required by an agency or a sub-account. In short, we wanted to provide an email service that "just works."
LC Email Pricing
Pricing is
$0.675/1000 emails
for all the plans and the transactions will be detailed at the Agency Level:
To view them, go to "Agency View" > "Billing" > "Credits"
Note:
All incoming and outgoing emails (To, CC, and BCC) will incur charges
LC Email Verification Pricing
You can
turn on email verification
, which will help to ensure you are sending emails to valid addresses. This service is charged at
$2.50 per 1,000 email verifications.
LC Email Forwarding Pricing
The LC email forwarding charges are the same as the
LC email Pricing
charges.
Forwarded emails are billed the same way as outgoing emails.
At the Agency level, each forwarded email incurs a charge. If re-billing is enabled for a sub-account, the sub-account will be charged for each forwarded email.
To view detailed billing notifications; Go to -> Settings -> Billing -> Wallets & Transactions -> Detailed Transactions:
Billing Source Type – the type of service generating the charge
Billing Trigger ID – the unique identifier for the forwarded email event
This makes it easier to track and verify which forwarded emails are being billed.
Ramp-Up Model:
Every new sub-account on the LC Email system follows a
Ramp-Up Model
, which gradually increases the daily sending limit to help build the sending reputation and avoid spam filters.
The email limits scale daily for the first seven days. Starting on the 8th day, the limit depends on whether you’re using a
shared IP
or a
dedicated IP
for sending:
Day
Email Limit
1
250
2
500
3
1,000
4
2,500
5
5,000
6
7,500
7
10,000
8th Day & Ongoing
Shared domain: 150,00
Dedicated domain: 450,000
Please Note:
The daily counter resets every day at midnight
00:00:01 AM UTC. If the limit is reached before the rest time, the account is locked for the rest of the period.
Extend Sending Limit:
Please note:
It's important to validate the sub-account activity
and make sure it is not a spam account.
1. The limit for Shared IP email sending is
250 to 15,000
(To increase you must set up a Dedicated Sending Domain for the sub-account)
2. The limit for Dedicated IP email sending is
250 to 450,000
(To increase this limit, please contact our support team)
Go to the sub-account detail page by navigating to "Agency View" >
"
Sub-Accounts"
> Search and click on the
Sub-Account Name
and scroll down to the "Additional Settings" section to increase the limit.
Shared domain:
Dedicated domain:
How Does This Impact Affiliates?
LC Email eliminates one of the two major hurdles to getting up and running with the CRM, which means your new affiliates will likely find success and stick.
FAQ
How do I migrate my agency over to LC Email?
Check out the help guide:
Migrating My Agency Over to LC Email
What About Agencies Who Want To Integrate Their SMTP?
No problem! All new accounts will, by default, use
LC Email,
but a third-party SMTP provider can be integrated anytime.
Where can I see my client's email usage?
You can see the client's email usage by navigating to
-
Agency Settings
->
Billing
->
See Details
(under Credits)
What About Existing Accounts?
Agencies will have the ability to seamlessly migrate to
LC Email
for existing HighLevel accounts!
How can I bill my clients for usage?
If you are on the Pro-plan, you can
rebill
your clients and save the time & effort needed to bill them manually.
Will Email rebilling work with ISV?
Absolutely! All agencies on the Pro Plan will continue to have the ability to re-bill email usage while using
LC Email
or a connected third-party SMTP. With the lower cost, there's even more margin for your agency!
Does cold email work with LC email?
Yes. Please
see this help article
for more information.
Is LC email HIPAA compliant?
Yes We have a signed BAA with Twilio for HIPAA compliance. As long as you have our HIPAA compliance package you should be good to go!
Why does my sub-account only have a 15,000 email limit?
A sub-account without a Dedicated Domain will be considered a shared domain even if the agency has a Dedicated Domain.
To resolve this,
add a Dedicated Domain to the sub-account
.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
