---
Title: Creating New Snapshots
Category: Account Snapshots
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000982512-creating-new-snapshots
Word Count: 645
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:51:41.056829
---

This article shows you how to create a new snapshot in HighLevel. Snapshots allow you to clone a sub-account's configuration so you can reuse them across other sub-accounts efficiently.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is a Snapshot?
Key Benefits of Snapshots
How to Create a Snapshot
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is a Snapshot?
Snapshot creation allows agency users to duplicate an existing sub-account's setup, which can then be loaded into other sub-accounts. This process is especially useful when onboarding new clients, maintaining brand consistency, or scaling a service offering efficiently. Once a snapshot is created, it can be used multiple times across multiple sub-accounts.
Key Benefits of Snapshots
Reusability:
Create templates for recurring client types or agency packages that can be reused anytime.
Workflow consistency:
Maintain standardized setups across multiple client accounts for streamlined operations.
Selective asset control:
Include everything or choose specific assets to tailor snapshots to your use case.
Faster onboarding:
Reduce setup time when launching new subaccounts by loading a prebuilt configuration.
Version safety
: Preserve your original configuration before making big changes to a client’s setup.
How to Create a Snapshot
Log into your Agency View
In the left-hand navigation menu, click
Account Snapshots
Click the blue
+ Create New Snapshot
button in the upper-right corner
Under
Snapshot Name
, enter a name for the new snapshot
From the
Sub-Account
dropdown, choose the sub-account to base your snapshot on
Click the blue
Next
button
Choose which assets to include in your snapshot.
Include all assets:
Click the checkbox labeled
Select All
at the top of the screen. This will automatically select every available asset in the sub-account
Select specific assets:
If you want to include only certain elements, you can choose assets by category
To include all assets within a category, click the
Select All
checkbox next to that category.
To include specific assets within a category, click the
plus (+) icon
to expand the list, then check only the assets you want included. Repeat this process for each category you want to customize.
Click the blue
Proceed
button in the bottom-right corner of the screen to finalize your selections and create your new snapshot
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I update a snapshot later?
Yes, you can update an existing snapshot from the Agency Dashboard. To do this, go to
Account Snapshots
and locate the snapshot you want to edit. Click the
three-dot
menu next to it, and select
Edit Snapshot
. From there, you can rename the snapshot or update the assets included in it.
Q: Are there any items that snapshots do not include?
Yes. Snapshots do not include contacts, conversations, appointment data, reputation management history, or external integrations like Stripe or third-party API keys. These will need to be manually configured after loading the snapshot. For details on this topic, read
Snapshots - Overview
Q: How many times can I use a snapshot?
There is no limit. You can use a snapshot as many times as you’d like. Snapshots can be loaded into any number of sub-accounts, making them ideal for scalable and repeatable client setups.
Q: Can I share a snapshot with a different agency account?
Yes. Snapshots can be shared with other agencies using a Snapshot Share Link. For details on this topic, read
How to Share Snapshots
Related Articles
Snapshots Overview
Snapshot Management: Selective Asset Snapshots and Force Snapshot Creation
How to Share Snapshots
Refresh/Update Snapshots
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
