---
Title: Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc
Category: Reselling Products
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc
Word Count: 1460
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:53:56.531542
---

This article explains how to use the Listings feature in HighLevel to improve your clients’ local SEO through directory listings management. Learn how to resell Listings, configure pricing, manage billing, and deploy the feature across your SaaS plans.
More Tutorials from the Community
https://youtu.be/PmvgilQIDs4
https://youtu.be/_DPcMxaM4Mo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tHGCX3b-mE
What is the Listings Feature?
Listings is an incredibly powerful SEO tool that creates backlinks and ensures your client's Vital business info (address, operation hours, phone numbers, etc) is consistent across 70+ of the world's most reputable websites.
Listings is a great complimentary service that can be deployed alongside your services and can be resold through HighLevel with a markup price of your choosing... cha chinggg!
Listings with HighLevel is available at an absolute rock bottom price with minimal commitment.
Click here for more information on pricing
If you're looking for a quick way to drive more organic inbound messages, combine Listings with our Google My Business chat widget. This is something that's quick to set up and all businesses can benefit from.
Key Benefits of Listings
Listings provides powerful SEO and reselling advantages for agencies and their clients.
Enhances SEO with structured backlinks from reputable directories
Ensures consistent business information across major listing platforms
Minimal commitment (1-month minimum)
Custom markup for reselling to sub-accounts
Value added service that can be deployed alongside your packages
How to Add Listings to a SaaS Offer
Bundling Listings into your SaaS plans allows you to offer clients a seamless, scalable local SEO solution.
For more details on this adding Listings to your SaaS offer, click here.
Go to "SaaS Configurator" in your agency dashboard
Find the plan you want to edit and click
Edit Details
Navigate to the
Addons
section
Check the box labeled Listings to include it in the plan then click
Save Changes
to confirm
How to Resell Listings
Set up Listings as a resale item to generate new revenue streams for your agency.
For more details on this adding Listings to your SaaS offer, click here.
How to Set Agency-Wide Listings Default Pricing
Agency-level pricing defines the default cost clients will see when activating Listings. You’ll use a pricing slider to set rates and preview monthly profits per plan. Follow these steps to set the pricing:
From the
Agency View, c
lick
Reselling
in the left-side navigation bar
Scroll down to
Listings
and adjust slider to set your pricing
Preview the
Client Pricing
,
Your Cost
, and
Your Profit
based on the selected pricing. Click the blue
Save
button to deploy changes
How to Customize Listings Pricing Per Sub-Account
You can override default pricing for individual sub-accounts to match unique client needs.
Follow these steps to set the pricing:
In
Agency View
, use
the left-side navigation bar
to navigate to
Sub-Accounts
Click the
3-dots
icon on the desired sub-account and select
Manage Client
Navigate to
Reselling
→ Listings
Adjust the pricing slider as needed
How Clients Can Purchase Listings Offer
Clients can activate Listings directly from their sub-account if you’ve enabled the feature. Follow these steps to activate listings from inside a sub-account:
From the sub-account, use the left-side navigation bar to go to the
Reputation
Click the
Listings
tab at the top
Hit the
Activate Listings
button
Choose a plan and confirm payment
Fill out listing information
How to Deploy Listings without Directly Charging the Client
If you want to include Listings as part of your services without separate billing, follow these steps.
For more details on this adding Listings to your SaaS offer, click here.
Step 1:
Navigate to Manage Sub-Account
From the Agency-View, use the left-side navigation bar to go to
Sub-Accounts
Locate the desired sub-account
Click the
3 dots
(⋮)
icon in the lower right corner and select
Manage Client
Step 2:
Access Listings from the Reselling Tab
In the top navigation ribbon, select
Reselling
In the secondary left-side navigation bar, select
Listings
Step 3:
Enable "Deploy Listings Directly"
Scroll to the
Deploy Listings Directly
section
Review the deployment terms and check the agreement box
Click the blue
Pay Now!
button
Understanding Listings Billing
Listings reselling uses a two-layer billing structure:
Agency → HighLevel:
You are charged monthly via your agency wallet
Client → Agency:
Clients are charged via your Stripe integration
Understanding the HighLevel Invoice
As your agency makes sales on different days during your billing period, your charges will get pro-rated on the next billing cycle.
We do pro-rated billing to ensure you receive a single invoice in the same billing period, even though the sales are made on different days within the month.
Each invoice adjusts for the sales made in the previous billing cycle + prepay for the next billing cycle.
Example Invoice:
Troubleshooting
In some rare cases, the Online Listings might not work as expected. A few possible scenarios are covered below:
My listings look wrong / my listings are waiting on customer / my listings are waiting on partner / all my listings are still processing
In all such cases, the common reason is that you have a mistake in the form data that you or your client had submitted. The error could be in:
Address Field
PIN Code is written in the address line field
PO Box used instead of a real address
Only Street Address used (Suite number, shop number missing)
Business Name is improper
The phone number is not valid
email ID is not a valid email
As agency users, you can easily fix this issue by logging into the Listings account and fixing any errors.
My listings are not live. I see an In-review message
This happens when Listings has found a duplicate listing for the same address, phone number, or email ID.
If you see an "in-review" message, follow the steps in this article:
Resolving Listings Canceled or Duplicate States – Step-by-Step Guide
How do I see which locations are signed up for Listings?
To identify which sub-accounts have activated your Listings offer:
Go to your Agency Dashboard
Navigate to
Sub-Accounts
Open the
Advanced Filter
option.
Select the filter for
Listings
to view which sub-accounts have Listings active
How do I connect my Client's Social Media to their Online Listing?
To connect social media profiles (Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc.), follow thse steps:
In the client’s sub-account, navigate to
Reputation > Listings
.
If prompted, click
Complete Required Information
on the Listings dashboard taking you to the
Social Profiles
tab
Enter the relevant links or usernames and save your changes
My listings are not live. I see a Cancelled message on the screen
This happens when Listings has confirmed that your client is in a contract with their previous provider and Listings can not move the listing from the old provider to the new one because of legal reasons.
In such cases, please reach out to HighLevel support.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: How long does it take for listings to sync?
Typically 24-48 hours, but some platforms may take up to a week.
Q: Can I cancel Listings mid-term?
Yes, but charges are non-refundable for the current billing cycle.
Q: How do I cancel a Listings subscription?
To cancel Listings for a sub-account, follow the steps in this guide:
Cancelling Listings for Your Sub-Account in HighLevel.
Q: Does Listings conflict with manually created profiles?
It may override manual entries, so allow Listings to manage profiles where possible.
Q: What happens if the business info changes?
Listings will update it automatically across all directories when updated within Listings
Q: How can my clients connect their Google Business Profile (GMB) and Facebook page?
To enable Listings to sync with Google Business Profile and Facebook, your clients will need to connect their respective accounts in the Listings setup process. For full details, refer to this article:
Google Business Profile and Facebook Integration with Listings
.
Q: How do I use the Listings Suggestions feature?
Listings Suggestions provide profile improvement tips based on best practices. Go to
Reputation > Listings > Suggestions
to view and apply them. For more, see
How to Use the Listings Suggestions Feature
.
Related Articles
Getting Started with Listings
How to Resell Listings to Your Clients
Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained
Google Business Profile and Facebook Integration with Listings
How to Use the Listings Suggestions Feature
Deploy Listings without Directly Charging the Client
Cancelling Listings for Your Sub-Account in HighLevel
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
