---
Title: How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App
Category: Add-ons & Sales Trainings
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000982207-how-to-set-up-a-whitelabel-domain-for-the-desktop-web-app
Word Count: 1113
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:53:01.091989
---

Give your clients a fully branded login experience by using a whitelabel domain for the HighLevel desktop web app. This guide explains requirements, setup steps, and troubleshooting. You’ll also learn how this differs from the API (branded links) domain so you can deploy a complete brand experience.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What is the Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App?
Key Benefits of the Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App
How To Setup the Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App
API Domain vs. Whitelabel Domain
Troubleshooting
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
What is the Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App?
A whitelabel domain is a subdomain you control (e.g., app.yourdomain.com) that provides a branded URL for the desktop login and app that isused alongside the standard HighLevel link (e.g., app.gohighlevel.com). After setup, users can sign in at your branded address while HighLevel hosts and secures the application.
By whitelabeling your desktop web app, your customers will be using your domain when logging in and using the app. For example, instead of "app.gohighlevel.com" they would use "app.myawesomedomain.com".
Note
:
Custom/Whitelabel Domain is the domain you own and your customers will use to log into the desktop app (e.g.,
app.yourdomain.com
). HighLevel Default Domain is the temporary GoHighLevel–provided address (e.g.,
yourcompany.gohighlevel.com
).
Key Benefits of the Whitelabel Domain
for the Desktop Web App
A clear understanding of benefits helps you decide whether this configuration should be prioritized in your onboarding checklist and client rollout.
Brand consistency
: Presents your name, logo, and URL throughout the login and app experience.
Trust & professionalism
: Uses your domain to reassure clients they’re in the right place.
Simplified access
: Gives users a memorable URL (e.g., app.yourdomain.com) for sign-in.
Seamless SSL
: HighLevel issues HTTPS automatically once DNS is correctly pointed.
Separation of concerns
: Keeps your login/app domain distinct from marketing sites and email sending domains.
How To Setup the Whitelabel Domain
for the Desktop Web App
Completing the steps in order ensures DNS and SSL finalize quickly and the login portal loads at your branded URL.
Create the CNAME at your DNS provider
Host/name: the subdomain you want to use (for example,
app
meaning
app.myawesomedomain.com
).
Value/target:
whitelabel.ludicrous.cloud
.
TTL: Leave default unless your provider requires a specific value.
Add the domain in HighLevel (Agency settings)
Go to
Agency View → Settings → Company → Whitelabel → Whitelabel Domain
.
Enter your full subdomain (for example,
app.myawesomedomain.com
) and click
Update.
Upload logo & add Terms & Conditions URL
In
Agency View → Settings → Company
, upload your logo (recommended up to ~350×180 px, under 2.5 MB) and paste your
Privacy Policy
and
Terms & Conditions
URLs.
Verify propagation and SSL
Wait for DNS to propagate. Then open
http://app.myawesomedomain.com
to confirm the branded login page loads with your logo and legal links.
SSL/TLS is issued automatically once DNS points to the correct CNAME.
NOTE:
If you previously set up your white-label domain and you want to update it to run on whitelabel.ludicrous.cloud, you'll need to first delete the whitelabel domain field using the trash icon, then click Update Company to save, then re-enter your sub-domain into the Whitelabel Domain field and save again.
API Domain vs. Whitelabel Domain
Understanding the difference avoids branding gaps across links and login.
Whitelabel Domain
: Powers your
desktop login and app URL
(for example, app.myawesomedomain.com).
API Domain (Branded Links)
: Powers
system-generated links
in emails/SMS (forms, surveys, calendars, trigger links, short links, review links). Configure at Agency and/or Sub-Account level to brand links your contacts click.
Tip: Set up both for a complete branded experience across login and links.
Troubleshooting
Troubles
hooting Whitelabel domain issues often comes down to verifying DNS settings and ensuring SSL has been properly issued. Below are common issues and how to resolve them:
Error: "The client and server don't support a common SSL protocol version or cipher suite"
This means the browser or device is using outdated security protocols. HighLevel supports TLS 1.2 and 1.3 only. Update your browser and ensure there are no conflicting DNS records (e.g., both A and CNAME for the same subdomain), which can block SSL from provisioning.
Domain Not Loading
Double-check that your subdomain is pointed to the correct CNAME:
whitelabel.ludicrous.cloud
. It may take up to 30 minutes for DNS changes to propagate globally.
"Your Connection Is Not Private" or HTTPS Not Working
This usually means your SSL certificate hasn’t been issued yet. Make sure your DNS is fully propagated and pointed only to a single CNAME. Once DNS is correct, SSL is issued automatically via Let's Encrypt.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I use my root domain (apex) for the whitelabel login?
A: Use a
subdomain
(for example, app.yourdomain.com) via
CNAME
to point to the HighLevel target.
Q: How long does SSL take to issue?
A: Once DNS is correct, SSL is issued automatically. Allow time for DNS to propagate globally, then retest.
Q: What’s the difference between the Whitelabel Domain and the API Domain?
A: The whitelabel domain brands the
login/app URL
. The API domain brands
system-generated links
used in emails/SMS (forms, surveys, calendars, trigger links, etc.).
Q: Do I need to upload my logo and legal links again for whitelabeling?
A: Yes. Upload your
agency logo
and add
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
URLs in Agency Company Settings.
Q: We use Cloudflare. Do I keep the orange proxy on?
A: No. Set the whitelabel CNAME to
DNS only
so SSL can be issued properly.
Q: I updated my whitelabel subdomain—why does the old login still appear?
A: Clear the old value in the
Whitelabel Domain
field, click
Update Company
, then enter the new subdomain and save. Allow DNS/SSL to refresh, then retest.
Q: Which TLS versions are supported?
A: TLS
1.2
and
1.3
.
Q: Where do I configure the API domain for branded links?
A: At the Agency level in
Settings → Company → API Domain
and optionally at the Sub-Account level for client-specific branding.
Related Articles
Agency Company Settings in HighLevel
Branding System-Generated Links (API Domain)
Customizing HighLevel Menus: A Guide to Custom Menu Links
Setting up Whitelabel Domain, API Domain, Email Sending Domain, Sites Domain, and Client Portal Domain
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
