---
Title: AI Conversational Appointment Booking Workflow and Setup
Category: Marketing
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001216782-ai-conversational-appointment-booking-workflow-and-setup
Word Count: 331
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:43:16.767857
---

The following is a step-by-step guide on how to set up your own AI Conversational Appointment booking bot within a workflow.
1. Create Workflow
Add a trigger with customer Replied (or any other trigger)
2. Select the AI appointment bot in the workflow options
Create action for the appointment bot with the desired calendar
Set the "Total bot processing duration" -This is how long before the bot will time out if there are no replies from the contact.
3. The AI conversation will end in one of the three ways.
1. The bot successfully books the appointment
2. Bot timed out:
The appointment was
not
booked as the lead didn't respond to the prompts by the bot.
3.
Appointment could not be booked for other reasons,
- no suitable slot, the bot could not understand the query or other technical issues.
4. Create a condition if the bot booked an appointment.
5. Create a message or any action for the appointment booked condition
6. Secondary condition if the appointment is not booked due to bot timeout
Here we want to know if the appointment was not booked because the bot timed out or for some other reason.
Common reasons could be that no slots were available or the bot failed to understand the conversation.
7. Third Condition - Appointment not booked for any other reason.
Configure appropriate actions for bot failures for any other reason. If you have Eliza Agent Platform Subscription, you can send the lead over there to continue the lead nurture.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
