---
Title: Manually Booking Calendar Appointments
Category: Calendars & Appointments
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001209829-manually-booking-calendar-appointments
Word Count: 1093
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:48:27.702717
---

Need to
S
chedule Calendar Appointments for someone else-
leads, clients, or team members?
Here’s how to manually book appointments across HighLevel.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Booking Appointments Manually
Key Benefits of Manually Booking Appointments
Different Ways to Access the "Book Appointment" Feature
Booking the Appointment (After Accessing the Modal)
Step 1: Select the Calendar & Contact
Step 2: Add Appointment Details
Step 3: Block Off Time (Optional)
Frequently Asked Questions
Related Articles
Booking Appointments Manually
HighLevel makes it easy for users to book appointments manually across different areas of the platform.
Booking Calendar Appointments as a User (Manually) is helpful when you want to create appointments on behalf of a contact, especially when working across different time zones or calendars.
Whether you're communicating with a contact, managing calendars, or accessing a specific contact profile, there are multiple ways to schedule appointments in just a few clicks. Manual booking ensures you're always in control of scheduling, even when contacts are offline, unresponsive, or need extra assistance.
Key Benefits of Manually Booking Appointments
Manual booking gives you the flexibility to schedule appointments directly from within the platform without needing the customer to take action. This is especially useful in high-touch workflows, urgent situations, or internal coordination. Here’s how it helps:
Schedule appointments on behalf of leads or customers
when they can't or don’t take action themselves.
Book appointments while on a call
to secure a slot instantly
Respond to SMS or email confirmations
by locking in an appointment from your end
Book internal meetings with team members
directly within the system
Create test appointments
to QA workflows, reminders, or calendar logic
Choose specific dates, times, and calendars
when precision matters
Work across multiple time zones
with automatic timezone detection
Add recurring events and block off time
to manage availability effectively
Different Ways to Access the "Book Appointment" Feature
You can start booking an appointment from four different entry points within the HighLevel platform. There are four different ways to access the
Book Appointment Feature
in HighLevel, such as from a contact profile, the conversations tab, or the calendar view.
Choose the method that suits your workflow best.
IMPORTANT
:  All of these access points lead to the
same
booking interface and functionality. No matter which path you take, you'll arrive at the exact same feature with the same options and settings. This flexibility is designed for user convenience, hence choose the route that best fits your workflow.
1.
From the Conversations Tab
If you're messaging a contact and want to book an appointment on the spot, Conversations is the fastest path. Go to
Conversations → Select Contact → Calendar Icon
in the sidebar. Now you will have the button "
Book Appointment"
2.
From the Contacts Tab
You can also book appointments directly from the contact's profile. Navigate to
Contacts → Open a Contact → Click the Appointments tab
in the right section of the contact
→ +Add
3.
From the Calendar Tab
Want to schedule visually? Click directly on a calendar slot in the Calendar view. Go to
Calendars → Calendar View →
Either click
on
"New"
or
click on a
Specific time slot
to book an appointment directly.
Booking the Appointment (After Accessing the Modal)
Once you've accessed the
Book Appointment
modal using any of the four available methods, the booking steps are the same. This section walks you through choosing a calendar, selecting a contact, adding details, and finalizing the appointment.
Step 1:
Select the Calendar & Contact
Select which calendar you want the appointment to be created in and the contact it should be assigned to.
Step 2:
Add Appointment Details
In this step, you'll enter the key information that defines your appointment — including title, time, location, and recurrence options. HighLevel helps streamline this by automatically detecting time zones and providing flexible input options for custom bookings.
Appointment Title
: Add a relevant subject (e.g., “Consultation with Sarah”). You could also add a description of the title below.
Date & Time
: Choose a start and end time. The system will display the user's time zone but can be toggled with custom Date and Time.
Custom:
You'll be prompted to manually enter a
custom meeting link
(e.g., Zoom, Teams, physical address).
You can
select a custom start and end time
.
You’ll also have the option to
make the appointment recurring
with your preferred cadence and duration.
Meeting Location
: Choose a default, custom, or integrated video meeting option. If you chose custom, then you would need to provide the custom meeting link.
Step 3:
Block Off Time (Optional)
The
Blocked Off Time
tab allows you to prevent new appointments from being booked during specific time periods, which is perfect for breaks, personal time, team training, or vacation days. When using this feature, you can choose to block time for a
S
pecific user
or an entire
calendar
and also specify
Start Time
and
End Time.
IMPORTANT:
Use
Blocked Off Time
option to remove availability for specific dates and times. Existing appointments will not be deleted, blocked times only affect new booking availability.
Pro Tips:
1. You can schedule for any team member as long as their calendar is available to you.
2. Time zone handling is automatic and visible in the modal.
3. Use recurring appointments for ongoing sessions or check-ins.
4. Use the "Blocked off time" tab to keep your availability clean and organized
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I book an appointment for another team member?
Yes, just choose their calendar from the dropdown in the modal.
Q: What if I don’t see the appointment on the calendar?
Make sure you select the correct calendar and contact. Also, check if filters are applied in the calendar view.
Q: Can I block time without removing existing appointments?
Yes, blocked-off time prevents
new
bookings but leaves existing ones intact.
Q: Will the time auto-adjust to the contact's timezone?
Yes, HighLevel shows appointment slots based on the contact’s time zone by default.
Related Articles
How to Set Up a Calendar in HighLevel
Round Robin Appointment Distribution Logic
Managing Team Member Assignment in Calendars
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
