---
Title: How To Fix - Phone Call Redirect Loop
Category: Phone System
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-how-to-fix-phone-call-redirect-loop
Word Count: 380
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:40:49.883661
---

If you're hearing phone calls that loop, playing the same message over and over again, or you're seeing phone calls stack up one after another in Conversations, that is a "redirect" loop. Let's fix it.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What Is A Phone Call (Redirect) Loop?
Evidence of a Phone Call (Redirect) Loop
Fix a Phone Call (Redirect) Loop
Check User Phone Number
Check Forwarding Number
Check Business Profile Phone
What Is A Phone Call (Redirect) Loop?
A phone call loop, or a redirect loop, is when a call to number A gets routed/redirected/forwarded to number B, and then number B routes it to number A.
Evidence of a Phone Call (Redirect) Loop
Evidence that you have a phone call redirect loop:
You hear the call repeat the same sounds over and over again.
You see inbound calls stack up quickly (less than a minute).
Fix a Phone Call (Redirect) Loop
Check User Phone Number
Navigate to Subaccount > Settings > My Staff > edit specific user. Make sure the user's phone number (the number you call to talk to them) is not the same as a HighLevel number (the number you got from HighLevel).
This would create a forwarding loop where the call calls itself. You might see an error like this:
Check Forwarding Number
Also check Subaccount > Settings > Phone Numbers > Forwarding Number. The forwarding number needs to be different from the phone number.
Check Business Profile Phone
Also check Subaccount > Settings > Business Profile > Business Phone. This is the fallback number to route the inbound call to. Check this but also call this number to see if it ends up routing to the HighLevel number anyway. It might look like a different number that is still setup to route to the HighLevel number, so test it manually.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
