---
Title: Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun
Category: Email
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun
Word Count: 418
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:41:36.835950
---

Mailgun Step-by-step guide:
1. Sign up for Mailgun here:
https://signup.mailgun.com/new/signup
2. Check your email inbox to verify the email address
3. Click Sending > Add New Domain
4. If your domain is companyname.com, you can either set up the main domain or subdomain with Mailgun.
Main domain:
If you are adding the main domain, it should not be used with Gsuite, or any other email provider
Subdomain:
To set up the subdomain with Mailgun, you can type
ANYTHING_HERE
.
companyname.com
Examples:
mg.
companyname.com
replies.
companyname.com
support.companyname.com
Please set up the domain or subdomain under US,
not EU
.
Click
Add domain
5. Now log in to your DNS records based on where you get the domain and add the 5 DNS records.
If you are not sure where you should add the DNS records
Step 1: lookup domain that we are trying to set up in
mxtoolbox
Only put the domain here,
do not add http:// in front
Once you look up the domain, it should show what your DNS hosting provider is.
Step 2: check the bottom note it will say reported by e.g.
wordpress.com
Now we could add the DNS records to the domain provider. We can google
wordpress DNS records
if you are not sure where to locate the DNS records area.
Based on what your domain provider is, now we could add the DNS records according to the domain provider:
If you don't find the domain provider on this list, you can refer to one of the articles above, which should be similar.
Mailgun Setup - GoDaddy Domain Setup
Mailgun Setup - Namecheap Domain Setup
Mailgun Setup - Siteground Domain Setup
MailGun Setup - HostGator Domain Setup
Mailgun Setup - Google Domains
Mailgun Setup - CloudFlare
Once you add all the DNS records and verify, you can grab the
Mailgun API Key - Where to Find in Mailgun & Put in HighLevel
Then we could send a test email to see if everything works! Click here to learn
How to send a test email in the Conversation
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
