---
Title: Email Signatures
Category: Settings
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000982598-email-signatures
Word Count: 416
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:50:42.024037
---

Follow the steps below to create Email Signatures for users:
Click on Settings
Click on My Staff
Click on
Edit
for the user you want to update the user signature for
Expand User Info
Scroll to the Email signature section
You can also insert the code here
You can ask the user to log in and go to the Profile tab to edit the Email signature
Click save
Follow the steps below to automatically append the email signature to email event templates
Click Marketing
Click Campaigns
Click the name of a campaign to open up the campaign (or create a new campaign if you don't already have one)
Click Campaign Configurations
Use the drop down in the Users field to assign user(s) to the campaign
Click Save
Click Edit on an email event within the campaign (or add an email event)
Within the email template click Custom Values -> User -> Signature. Make sure the code given is at the bottom of the email template (where you would expect to see an email signature)
Click Save
Make sure the campaign is Published if you want to be able to add contacts to it (top right drop down within the campaign)
Done! Now all of the contacts that get put into this campaign will be assigned to the user(s) assigned to the campaign and will receive the email signature within the email event pertaining to the user they were assigned.
Click
here
to learn more about
Round Robin Campaigns
FAQ:
Why is the user signature blank when I send a manual email in the conversation tab?
If email signatures are not working, make sure that you are logged in as the user with the signature.
If you are logged in as an agency trying to send an email on behalf of the user, the user signature will not work.
However, the workaround is to send the email through the workflow/campaign instead of sending them manually. You can use the other methods listed here aside from the conversation manual way:
https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/48001208887-how-to-send-a-test-email-in-the-conversation
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
