---
Title: Agency Rolled-up Reporting
Category: Agency Reporting
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001224166-agency-rolled-up-reporting
Word Count: 846
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:54:38.020749
---

A selection of key data from all subaccounts is rolled up into the agency account for reporting. In one place you get a clear view of performance of all subaccounts under your agency.
Please Note:
This feature is only available on the
Pro Plan
($497/month , $4970/year)
Subaccount Rolled Up Report
Navigate to A
gency Account > Sub-accounts
and click the
Columns
button.
Select up to 8 columns to include in all of the subaccount summary cards.
Active users
:
An active user is one logged in at least once in the chosen timeframe either on the web or on a phone (both IOS and android).
We will show this in this format - 79/100 where 79 is the count of active users and 100 is the count of total users in the location that were created during the chosen timeframe.
A user could be both a location admin or a location agent
Appointment
: Count all the appointments that were created within the chosen timeframe irrespective of what status the appointment is in.
Contact
: Count of contacts in that location that are created within the chosen timeframe.
Email
:
Inbound emails - Count of all the emails that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe
Outbound emails - Count all the SMS the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated emails.
Text Messages
:
Inbound SMS - Count all the SMS that contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe.
Outbound SMS - Count all the SMS the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated SMS.
Calls
:
Inbound calls - Count of all the calls that contact made to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe
Outbound calls - Count of all the calls the sub-account admin/user made to contact. This will not include automated calls.
Talk time - The summation of the total duration of calls that happened between the user and the contact
Submissions
:
Forms: Count of total forms submitted
Surveys: Count of total surveys submitted
Facebook Forms: Count of total Facebook forms submitted
WhatsApp
:
Inbound - Count of all WhatsApp messages sent to the location/user within the chosen timeframe
Outbound - Count of all WhatsApp messages sent
GBP (Google Business Profile)
:
Inbound messages - Count of all the messages that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe through GMB
Outbound messages - Count all the messages the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact.
This will not include automated messages.
Instagram
:
Inbound messages - Count of all the messages that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe through IG
Outbound messages - Count all the messages the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact.
This will not include automated messages.
Facebook
:
Inbound messages - Count of all the messages that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe through Facebook
Outbound messages - Count all the messages the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact.
This will not include automated messages.
Review
:
Total: Count of reviews received for that location
Positive: Count of positive reviews received
Negative: Count of negative reviews received
Sites Created
:
Funnels: Count of funnels created
Websites: Count of websites created
Forms: Count of forms created
Surveys: Count of surveys created
Managing Scheduled Reports for Sub-Accounts
In the Agency View, you can manage all scheduled reports across sub-accounts from a centralized interface. This includes pausing, resuming, filtering, and configuring behavior for newly added accounts.
Scheduled Reports Table
Navigate to:
Agency View → Sub-Accounts → View Scheduled Reports
View a list of all scheduled reports for sub-accounts
Use checkboxes to select one or more reports
Apply bulk actions to
pause
or
resume
selected reports
Use filters to display reports by status (Active or Paused)
Settings Panel
Click the
Settings
(⚙️) icon on the top right of the Scheduled Reports page to access configuration options:
Pause All Reports
: Instantly pauses all scheduled reports across sub-accounts
Auto-Create Reports Toggle
:
When
enabled
, a new report is automatically generated and activated whenever a new sub-account is added
When
disabled
, reports for new sub-accounts will not be auto-created—allowing for manual control
These settings help streamline bulk report management and provide more flexibility over how new sub-account reports are handled.
How to Use
Go to
Agency Account → Sub-Accounts → View Scheduled Reports
Use the checkboxes to select reports you want to manage
Choose
Pause
or
Resume
from the bulk actions bar
Click the
Settings icon
to pause all reports or configure auto-creation behavior
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
