---
Title: Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling
Category: SaaS Configurator
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling
Word Count: 839
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:40:38.836739
---

With the SAAS model, Agencies can resell the platform's features and tools to their clients, eliminating the need for local software installation.
Phone Rebilling is a feature that allows businesses to automate the process of billing their clients for phone usage. The feature integrates with the phone system and bills the clients automatically after applying a multiplier to the charges paid to the Phone System by the agency, saving time, reducing errors, and earning some profit for the Agency.
Covered in this Article
SAAS mode Activation (Request Payment>>Phone Rebilling Config)
Phone Rebilling on Freelancer Plans (297/month & 2970/year)
How do I know which sub-accounts can be rebilled for phone usage?
How do I enable phone rebilling?
How does rebilling work?
How can I check my Agency's usage?
How can my client check their usage?
SAAS mode Activation (Request Payment>>Phone Rebilling Config)
Please Note
As of 25th January 2023. Phone Rebilling is also available on the $
297/Month and $2970/year plans!
But only for sub-accounts that are using LeadConnector Phone, not Twilio.
This video covers the
$497/month process and $4970/Year Pro Plan Clients.
Before you start with this tutorial, you'll want to
connect your Stripe account to your Agency account if you haven't already
.
With Phase 2 of SaaS mode, you can activate SaaS mode for specific sub-accounts, request a credit card from your clients via links or connect an existing client from your Stipe account, and configure Twilio rebilling so your clients pre-pay for their Twilio usage. You generate a profit from their credits.
Phone Rebilling on Freelancer Plans (297/month & 2970/year)
From
January 25th, 2023,
onwards, our agencies on the Freelancer plan (aka Agency Unlimited plan, 297/month or 2970/year) will be able to rebill phone costs to their clients (sub-accounts).
This only works if your client is using LC Phone (and NOT Twilio)
Click Here
to learn how to move an account over to the LeadConnector Phone System.
Agencies on the freelancer plan can NOT mark the costs up. Rebilling at markup is only available on the Pro Plan. However, freelancer plan subaccounts will continue to benefit from a 10% discount because what
LC Phone charges is already 10% cheaper than Twilio in most categories like phone numbers, US/Canada SMS and calling, etc
.
The sub-account must contain at least one account admin (not to be confused with agency admin) to add/manage your client's payment method.
How do I know which sub-accounts can be rebilled for phone usage?
Please head over to
Agency Level -> Settings -> Phone Integration
A sub-account can fall into any one of the following conditions
Phone rebilling enabled - You are rebilling phone related costs to your clients
Phone rebilling can be enabled - To rebill phone costs to your client, please go to the manage client page and turn on phone rebilling.
Phone rebilling disabled - Use LeadConnector phone on this sub-account to rebill phone related costs to your clients.
How do I enable phone rebilling?
You can navigate to the Manage Client page from here:
Or from
Agency Sidebar> Sub-Accounts>Scroll to the account:
Scroll down to
Phone System Resell Settings and enable this toggle:
It will then ask for the method by which you want to ask your client to add a Payment Method:
If the client already exists on your Stripe account, you can choose
I already have this customer in Stripe
and then search for them using their Name, Email, or Stripe ID which you have them by in Stripe.,
At this point your client can add their payment method by going to
Sub-Account Level -> Settings -> Company Billing page.
Please Note
Agencies must not add their own card here. It needs to be your client's card.
Once your client has added their card, you can enable the rebilling option for them in the Manage Client area.
As mentioned above, these charges can not be marked up on the Freelancer Plan Agencies. To cover your Stripe charges, the default markup is set to 1.05x (meaning a 5% markup) to cover your Stripe charges.
How does rebilling work?
You, the Agency, get billed from the CRM for LC usage
Your client gets billed from your Stripe account for Phone Rebilling
How can I check my Agency's usage?
Please head to
Agency Level -> Settings -> Billing
and click on See Details in the credits section.
How do I analyze my Agency's Spending on LC Communications?
How can my client check their usage?
Please head to
Sub-Account Level -> Settings -> Company Billing
and click on See Details in the credits section.
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
