---
Title: How to Share Snapshots
Category: Account Snapshots
URL: https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots
Word Count: 1010
Scraped: 2025-10-29T01:51:45.075406
---

Snapshots can be shared to new and existing sub-accounts. By doing so, you can easily create a copy of a particular sub-account at a specific point in time, including pre-configured assets like funnels, websites, forms, workflows, calendars, custom fields and values, and much more.
We'll cover how to share a snapshot with another sub-account and how to use them with SaaS mode so new sub-accounts will be created with the snapshot you define instantly.
Covered in this article:
Share Options
Agencies on $97 & $297 Plans
1. Get a share link
2. Email share link
3. Get a permanent link
Agencies on $497 Plan (SaaS)
3. Agency Restricted
4. Sub-account Restricted
FAQs
If I share a snapshot with agencies outside of my own and later make updates to it, will those changes be reflected or automatically updated in the snapshot previously shared with other agencies?
How can I update a snapshot for sub-accounts within my agency?
How should I update a shared snapshot using share options 1, 2, and 3 from above to agencies outside of mine?
How can I share an updated snapshot with agencies using 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share links (Share options 3 & 4 from above)?
I shared my snapshot and did not see the 'New' items. What happened?
For more information and detailed instructions, please refer to the following articles:
Please Note
:
It is important to
refresh the Snapshot
before pushing updates to connected sub-accounts. After pushing the updates, you will have the option to choose which updates to bring over.
Follow the steps below to share a Snapshot:
Go to the
Agency View
Click the
Settings
tab at the bottom left menu
Click the
Account Snapshots
tab
Click the
Share button
on the right-hand side of the Snapshot you wish to share
Share Options
Agencies on $97 & $297 Plans
1. Get a share link
This creates a shareable link you can copy/paste and send to someone.
It can only be used once, meaning that if someone uses it to import the Snapshot into an agency account (including yours), it won't work again, and another shareable link must be generated.
2. Email share link
Sends a share link via email to whatever email address(es) are put in the Emails field. The email sent also contains a clickable link that can be used to import the Snapshot straight from the email.
3. Get a permanent link
This creates a shareable link you can copy/paste and send to someone.
Unlike the share link (1. above), this link can be used infinite times.
Agencies on $497 Plan (SaaS)
All share options above will be included, plus:
3. Agency Restricted
By utilizing Agency Restricted Share Links,
you can confidently and securely share Snapshots with your chosen trusted agencies. Simply as the other agencies provide their unique relationship numbers and a secure link will be instantly generated for their exclusive use.
4. Sub-account Restricted
Sub-account Restricted Share Links
let you share Snapshots for specific sub-accounts only, making your data sharing more personalized, and only those sub-accounts can use that snapshot.
FAQs
If I share a snapshot with agencies outside of my own and later make updates to it, will those changes be reflected or automatically updated in the snapshot previously shared with other agencies
?
No, regardless of your share options (1-4), snapshots are always considered clones of a specific sub-account at a specific moment. Therefore, any updates made to a snapshot will not be automatically reflected in previously shared snapshots.
How can I update a snapshot for sub-accounts within my agency?
To update a snapshot for sub-accounts within your agency, you need to follow these steps:
First, update the Snapshot with the desired changes.
Next, push the updated Snapshot to the linked sub-accounts within your agency.
How should I update a shared snapshot using share options 1, 2, and 3 from above to agencies outside of mine?
If you have shared a snapshot using share options 1, 2, or 3, and you want to update it, follow these steps:
Refresh or update the existing snapshot with the desired changes.
Re-share the NEW snapshot URL with the agencies involved.
It's important to note that generating a new Snapshot URL will invalidate the previous one. Therefore, ensure that you share the new URL for the updated snapshot.
How can I share an updated snapshot with agencies using 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share links (Share options 3 & 4 from above)?
To share a new snapshot with agencies using 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share links, follow these steps:
Refresh or update
the current snapshot with the desired changes.
Go to the snapshot share modal and select the 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share link.
Enter all the
existing and new
'sub-account' or 'Agency' relationship numbers.
Click on 'share' to generate a new snapshot URL.
Share this new URL with the agencies involved, as the old URL will no longer work.
I shared my snapshot and did not see the 'New' items. What happened?
If you shared a snapshot and did not see the 'New' items, you may not have
updated
the existing snapshot before sharing it. Remember that snapshots are copies of a specific account at a specific point in time.
To include the 'New' items in the shared snapshot, you need to follow these steps:
Update the existing snapshot to include the 'New' items.
Re-share the updated snapshot
or
push the update
to the relevant sub-accounts
For more information and detailed instructions, please refer to the following articles:
-
Create Snapshots
-
Share Snapshots with Other Agencies
-
Import Snapshots
- Refresh/Update Snapshots
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
