--- PAGE 1 ---
B R I C K &
MORTAR
F U N N E L S
If You Had To Get 100 Customers
IN THE NEXT 100 DAYS...
What Would You Do To Keep Your Doors Open...
Even In Times Of Uncertainty?

--- PAGE 2 ---
TOC/INTRO
3 Dr. Adam Sewell Med Spa Owners
16 Alex Hormozi Gym Owners
29 Andrew Argue Accountants
35 Dr. Anissa Holmes Dentists
49 Dr. Chad Woolner Chiropractors
65 David Frey Local Business Owners
87 Emily Gang Insurance Agency Owners
95 Jaime Cross Retailers
101 Jennifer Sewell Medical Educators
107 Joe McCall Real Estate Investors
118 Joshua Latimer Home Services
130 Krista Mashore Real Estate Agents
144 Mike Arce Fitness Studio Owners
154 Ryan D. Lee & Bradley Gibb Financial Services
169 Tyler Shaule Non-Profit/Organization Owners

--- PAGE 3 ---
Dr. Adam Sewell
Owner of Physician in Charge
Adam Sewell, MD is the founder of Physician In Charge, a
movement that helps other physicians design a lifestyle
medical practice. Before devoting his full-time work to
Physician In Charge, Dr. Sewell successfully built his own
7-figure medical clinic. Dr. Sewell has written or co-created
three anesthesia textbooks. In addition to being an esteemed
physician by both his patients and peers, Dr. Sewell loves
marketing, business, and computer programming. Before
attending the University of Texas Medical Branch, Dr. Sewell
graduated from the University of Florida as their youngest
graduate in history at the age of 18.
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 3

--- PAGE 4 ---
The 7-Step Framework To Attract Your Ideal
Customers, And Create Your Ideal Practice
“You have to make a choice!” I vividly still recall this conversation and the ultimatum from the chief
anesthesiologist and my direct supervisor, Dr. Evenson. It was a typical crazy day in the operating room.
I was about to put a very sick patient to sleep for a high risk surgery and at the same time needed to
make a life-changing personal decision. Dr. Evenson was pushing me for an answer. He wanted to know
when I would be leaving my full-time job as an anesthesiologist. In the preceding three months, I had
built my own clinic working nights and weekends to see patients. At the same time, I had maintained a
full-time job as an anesthesiologist taking a 24-hour overnight call every third night.
I was in a difficult situation. The newly-formed clinic was not making any profit. In fact, the majority
of my anesthesiologist salary was used to pay for the expenses of my clinic. From that day forward I
needed to make a decision. The hospital and the chief anesthesiologist knew I would likely soon be
resigning from my staff anesthesiologist position if my clinic continued to grow. A local physician
anesthesiologist was finishing residency and wanted to return home to the area to practice. If I was
going to leave, they needed to hire her before she accepted a position elsewhere.
The chief anesthesiologist was right. I could not continue to work as a full-time anesthesiologist and
run my full-time practice for much longer. My future came down to this one question: would I take the
risk of losing all my money and savings to continue to build my own medical practice, or would I close
my clinic and stay with my anesthesiologist job? It was a very lucrative guaranteed salary, but I knew I
would not be personally challenged or experience personal growth.
While I was weighing my options, I recalled one of my favorite quotes, “Great ships are safe in the
harbor, but they are not created to stay in the harbor.” In that moment, I made my decision. I would
take the road unknown. That day, I placed my resignation and made a promise to myself: I would give
everything I had to make the clinic work, or I would die trying. That day I decided my fate and destiny
would no longer be determined by an employer or a large hospital system.
My journey was a long and difficult one, and I made many mistakes and faced many obstacles. What
follows is my plan for anyone who might be in a similar situation. Because you are reading this chapter,
now is the time for you to embrace your destiny and head out into the choppy open seas, because
deep down you know you were meant for more than the safe harbor.
The challenge that Russell has set forth for us is to get 100 new patients in 100 days or less. Many
medical doctors starting their own practice will finish their training and assume if they hang a shingle
with their name and title outside a shop, patients will come. For most physicians, especially those in
more populated settings, this is not the case.
My intention for this chapter is to provide a game plan that can be used by anyone who is providing
expert level services, a proven game plan that will work in any market. Given that I am a physician I will
start this process with a scientific approach. First I must examine the challenge.
100 days is a little more than 14 weeks. I’m going to start by breaking down my tasks by week so I can
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 4

--- PAGE 5 ---
start with an overview of the journey I will be taking. I will start by breaking the 14 weeks into 7 two-week
blocks. Why two-week blocks? I want to set a sustainable pace where I can build and then implement
the task at hand. Like you and most other physicians, I’m already very busy!
Here is the outline of major tasks that need to happen in each of the 7 two-week blocks:
• Define my target patient and validate the market.
• Build my message, and determine my 3 secrets.
• Determine the location for an event, and build my presentation.
• Build a landing page and follow-up sequence.
• Build a follow-up phone call sequence, and have the event day.
• Schedule patients at the event, and collect testimonials.
• Follow-up with attendees and non-buyers.
DEFINE MY TARGET PATIENT (PROSPECT)
The first step in my process is to figure out who exactly it is I want to recruit as a patient to my practice.
Most physicians and practitioners usually start out with a broad message because they believe they
want to cast a wide net to reach the most patients as possible. For example, an internal medicine
college of mine wanted to recruit anyone who needs healthcare. When you are trying to reach such a
large audience, you can’t speak specifically to anyone. Furthermore, we can’t even define who we are
targeting. Unfortunately, when this is done it doesn’t recruit many people as the messaging from the
large audience is bland and does not pertain to the specific needs and emotions a person is feeling.
Instead, I should consider a smaller, more specific audience. For example, I could focus on patients
with thyroid problems. Consider the difference in who I am trying to reach: “everyone who needs
health care” vs. those that have thyroid issues. In this example, I already know that women are eight
times more likely than men to have thyroid problems. (Approximately one woman in eight will develop
a thyroid disorder during her lifetime, according to cancer.net.) I know, for example, that I would be
targeting my messaging to women only, and I would target my messaging to the common symptoms
of women dealing with thyroid problems such as fatigue, weakness, intolerance to cold, muscle
aches and cramps, constipation, and weight gain or difficulty losing weight. Consider how difficult
these symptoms would be to identify if I were trying to reach “anyone who needs health care”. What
symptoms would I discuss? Well, technically, it could be anything, and that makes it difficult to write a
compelling message.
VALIDATE THE MARKET
For the sake of this chapter, I’ll stick with thyroid patients for my 100 patient goal. My next step is
to perform what is known as “market validation”. What is market validation and why do I need to do
it? Market validation is just a fancy phrase that means “checking out the market before I invest my
valuable time, energy and money into it.” Conducting market validation does not guarantee that I will
make money in that market, but it does decrease the risk of spending time, energy, and money on
a market that doesn’t work. With the method below, I will show how to make sure a market actually
wants what I’m selling before I put my heart and soul into creating a product and offer. Consider this
like a safety check before I dive into the market.
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 5

--- PAGE 6 ---
Here are the rules that I am going to live by before I make any offers to a market:
• Never create a product or offer unless I know there is demand for it.
• It is very risky to be the first person or only person in a market.
• Competition is a good thing because it means people are buying what I want to sell.
In this day and age, if there’s no one advertising to a market, it’s likely because there is not a market
that is interested in it. The other common fear among professionals is that if there are many people
selling to a market it would be too competitive to enter. The truth is that most markets are nowhere
near saturation. If there is a lot of competition, it means that there are a lot of people buying in that
market.
The criteria of the market for which I am researching are:
• The market must be buying.
• There must be lots of people in the market.
• Those people must be easy to reach by advertising.
The first thing I will do is use Google to see if people are advertising to this market. I conduct a Google
search for “thyroid doctor” and find:
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 6

--- PAGE 7 ---
I want to focus on only what paid ads show up in my search results. Here in my area, I can see there are
three ads just targeting the keyword “thyroid doctor”.
There are a couple of things to realize here. First, there are three clinics in the area that are all paying
for advertising for the keyword “thyroid doctor”, and all of them have dedicated landing pages for just
thyroid patients. This is a really good sign. The fact that three local clinics have taken the time to dedicate
a page for just thyroid concerns indicates a strong amount of traffic and demand. I would review these
pages and read the copy of these pages carefully. In this case, the three clinics have almost identical
copy and all lead to either a phone number or a “contact us” form on their pages.
Next, I test other keywords such as “thyroid help” and “low thyroid.” In these cases, I find the following
results:
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 7

--- PAGE 8 ---
What I see above is a trend. As the terms become more generic, I see offers for supplements and a
focus on hair loss. Even though these other businesses are online retailers selling supplements, I can
still learn a lot from them. For example, I know that hair loss is likely going to be a hot button topic I
should consider including in my messaging and future presentation.
Based on the above, I know there is a thriving market place to treat patients who have thyroid issues.
Additionally, I also see that most clinics are putting up very similar information and driving potential
patients to either the phone or to a “contact us” form.
What can I do to build a relationship with these patients and get them into my clinic now that I know
there is a market for them? I start by doing a better job of educating the patient.
BUILD MY MESSAGE, AND DETERMINE MY 3 SECRETS
My next tasks are to build my message and determine my “three secrets”. Before I jump into that, I will
start by sharing how I am going to build that message.
Education-Based Marketing vs. Traditional Marketing
Education-based marketing is the sharing of knowledge with the purpose of building trust. It is a
strategy that establishes credibility and trust with your customers by using educational messages.
Today’s consumer lives in a highly digital and immediately gratifying consumer environment. They
don’t have to buy unless it is on their terms and their timetable.
Furthermore, today’s consumer will not do business with people they don’t trust. In order for them to
trust you, they need to be assured they are dealing with the right company who has their best interests
in mind.
Education-based marketing is the direct opposite of traditional marketing, which is done through
selling-based messages (like what was seen in my Google search). Many consumers have had enough
of traditional marketing approaches and have grown tired of hearing old and worn out sales pitches.
However, when important, useful information and facts that help customers make good buying
decisions are shared, they listen.
The challenge exists in how to bring the consumer to a level of confidence without having to go through
years of trial and error. This is where an educational approach comes into the picture in a very dramatic
fashion.
Maintaining an educational presence and relationship with your patients is probably the single most
important element necessary to remain relevant today. Successful marketers want to always be on the
lookout for how they can continue to educate their existing clients as well as potential customers,
including ways to help them with their problems and ways to achieve their goals.
3 SECRETS
One of the most important and often overlooked concepts that Russell Brunson teaches is “The Three
Secrets”. The Three Secrets are focused around changing the belief patterns of an individual. My first
step is to identify my prospective patient’s current beliefs around each of the following areas:
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 8

--- PAGE 9 ---
Internal Belief Pattern
This is a belief pattern that the prospective patient would have regarding themselves. For example,
they may believe that my solutions wouldn’t work for them as they have tried several treatment options
in the past and those haven’t helped them. One way of combating such a belief pattern would be a
statement about the success of my treatment plans, such as “treatment improves 92% of patients
even if other treatments have failed in the past.” Of course, this statement needs to be true and backed
by data.
External Belief Pattern
External belief patterns are beliefs that prospects have about how others, external to themselves,
would perceive or judge them. A prospective patient may be concerned that others, such as a family
member or spouse, would judge them negatively for trying my services if they didn’t get better. The
best way I have found to combat this is to use social proof and testimonials. Additionally, providing
some literature or a handout that they can take with them to help them explain why they would like to
try my services often helps them justify their decision to others.
Vehicle Belief Pattern
The vehicle belief pattern is the most important pattern to address, especially in the healthcare space. I
find that, most often, patients have been to a healthcare provider and either had a negative experience
or have tried various treatments from other providers or over-the-counter solutions with lackluster
results. My services need to be presented as a new opportunity or a new vehicle to prospective patients:
something they have not yet tried which will turn out differently.
Once I have determined my topic and built my three secrets, I will use these in the next step of the
overall process on my way to obtaining 100 new patients.
DETERMINE THE LOCATION FOR AN EVENT,
AND BUILD MY PRESENTATION
At this point in the process, I will have determined my target patient, validated the market, built my
message and determined my three secrets. Up to this point, primarily everything I have done has been
abstract or conceptual. Now comes what is probably the scariest and most exciting step. This is where
the abstract becomes a reality.
I will search in my area for an event center. These presentations can be done just about anywhere:
churches, event centers, just about any place big enough for a gathering. If my office is large enough, I
will host it there as I will also have the added benefit of being local and being comfortable with my staff
nearby.
When I determine the location for my event, I must also determine the date and time. I still remember
the first time I did this. I went to an event center close to where my office is located and inspected the
meeting room to make sure it had the AV setup I needed. I remember putting down the deposit and
committing to the date of my presentation. When I walked out of the office, it suddenly hit me. This was
real now! I had to make sure everything was ready. Soon I would be standing in front of a room full of
potential patients.
With live events, timing is everything. It is important to host your events at times that work for your
audience. In general, the best days for events are Thursday evenings followed by Tuesday evenings.
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 9

--- PAGE 10 ---
I usually have events start between 6pm and 7pm. Once I have figured out the day and time, it is
important to book my event at least two weeks in advance as I will need time for marketing to build
up excitement and get potential patients registered for the event. As a rule of thumb, I like to start
marketing about 7 to 10 days before the day of my event.
The venue should be comfortable and easy to reach. It should be simple for patients to get to. I will
place signs that point to the room throughout the building so the patients don’t have to guess where
it is being held. I will place lawn signs outside the building with the name of the event that point to the
event center with arrows as well. As one of my mentors, Dan Kennedy, taught me, “no one ever went
broke making things easier for the public.”
I will also consider offering food at my event. Many event centers offer catering and will incentivize their
customers (that’s me!) to order catering for their events by decreasing the cost of the room rental. By
adding food to my event, I will also likely attract more people. However, I will also attract some people
that have no interest in learning about my presentation and spend time going from event to event
every other night looking for meals. I would recommend offering a light dinner or snack food.
The timing of the food is very important. Here are the two schools of thought regarding the timing of
the food:
Make ‘Em Wait so They Stay
This is what the majority of presenters do in their events. They start the presentation, and sometime
during the presentation they serve food either while they are giving the presentation or stop the
presentation for food service. I find that this interrupts the flow of the presentation and the momentum
that naturally occurs during the presentation. Additionally, I find that when audiences are hungry they
don’t focus well. In fact, there have been a few studies on decision making processes and food. One
such study analyzed the decisions made by judges and showed that if a defendant were to be sentenced
directly after lunch the defendant was far more likely to receive a lighter sentence than if the defendant
is sentenced another time during the day. (Good to know, right?)
Food First Then Presentation
This is what I do during my presentation. I have the food ready and available when attendees arrive. If
someone wishes to eat and leave prior to the presentation I am fine with that; I consider it charity.
This way, the food service is out of the way and potential patients are fed and are able to focus on the
presentation. Therefore, they are more likely to make favorable decisions.
Finally, I don’t think that if you serve food or just serve some refreshments such as coffee, tea, or water
it will make that much of a difference if you have a great presentation.
My next step is to make a presentation worth seeing. First, let me take a step back and get some clarity
around what I’m aiming for. Below there is a spectrum:
Education Entertainment
< -----------------------------------------------------x -------------------------------------------------- >
(Reviewing Research Studies) (Cracking Jokes)
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 10

--- PAGE 11 ---
I’m aiming for my presentation content to be something that is useful, but not too detailed or scientific.
Have you ever been enthralled in a Discovery Channel television show? If you notice, they talk a little
bit about the science at hand but keep the conversation very high-level and don’t get bogged down in
the research. I would consider this “edutainment” - interesting, high-level, and focused on the outcome
for the patient.
BUILD A LANDING PAGE AND FOLLOW-UP SEQUENCE
Now I have a location and date set. I’ve built my presentation which is part education, part entertainment.
I am now ready to fill my presentation. So, how do I get people to my presentation?
First things first: I need to build a landing page. Simplicity is key here. I want to provide some basic
information about my event and entice my prospective patients to spend their time. In my experience,
the more complicated the landing page the less likely it is to be effective. I want to keep this simple and
to the point. I will just state the main premise that will attract attention and share the 3 secrets that
I’ve designed.
To start out my page, I’ll think about something really attention-grabbing related to the example above
about thyroid issues. I’ll think for a second on what people are looking for and what they need. The
late Gary Halbert said that if he could only have one thing to build a business on, it would be a starving
market. So what are people starving for? As much as I wish I were psychic, I am not. So, I will use Google
to tell me what people are looking for and then see if it can line up with what I am selling. My favorite
search phrase is, “why can’t I…?”. Below is a picture of the Google search I did with this phrase:
Interestingly, issues with your thyroid can cause many of the problems on the list including sleep cycle
alteration and difficulty losing weight. Sure enough, the top two listings correspond to two very large
industries. Since I know that thyroid illnesses are more likely to occur in women (5 to 8 times more
likely), I will go with the weight loss as this matches the market I am serving a little better.
Next, I start to build a hook. A hook is something that would get the attention of my prospective patients.
In this case, that is a female who is concerned or already has a thyroid disorder. How could I phrase
something that would get the interest of my prospect? The two most common symptoms that could
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 11

--- PAGE 12 ---
indicate that someone has thyroid issues (particularly hypothyroid) are feeling tired and weight gain.
I’ll use this to make a compelling hook:
• “Feeling tired and gaining weight even though you diet and exercise?”
• “Diet and Exercise WON’T work if you have this condition”
• “Do you have D.E.R.F. (Diet and Exercise Resistant Fat)?”
• “If you are tired and can’t lose weight .. here’s why”
These are 4 hooks that I made up while writing this chapter. I would test all of them and lead them to a
page that looks like this:
In the video on this landing page I would explain the situation that I believe my prospect is in, reiterate
the three secrets, and explain the benefits that prospects would gain from attending my event. This
could include learning exactly what tests they need to have to determine if they are suffering from a
thyroid disorder and a simple machine that is found in the majority of doctors offices that can catch
an autoimmune attack when it is happening, even if the labs don’t show it yet. I want to give them
something of value and educate them so that even if they don’t buy anything from me, they benefit
from the time they spend with me.
Next, I will build some Facebook ads. There are a lot of tutorials on how to build Facebook ads, and it
is outside the scope of this chapter to walk through every detail of how to build and run Facebook ads.
Also, please realize that if you made it to this point, you can hire out the Facebook ad construction,
running and optimization. Making some useful videos and delivering good information using the hooks
I made above will get me enough attention to get some registrants for my event.
Next, I need to build an email follow-up sequence to keep prospects interested until the presentation.
Additionally, I need to give them an option to go ahead and book an appointment with me before they
even come to the presentation. A large percentage of prospects, somewhere between 40 - 60%
(depending on the market and if the services are covered by insurance), will actually go ahead and book
an appointment to come and see you even though they signed up for your presentation, so let them!
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 12

--- PAGE 13 ---
For the follow-up sequence, the best thing to do is to keep “edutaining” the patients about why it is
so important to treat an underactive or overactive thyroid. I will teach them about the most common
symptoms of having a thyroid problem and explain why sometimes lab tests don’t detect thyroid
problems, especially cyclical thyroid problems. This will help build trust with my prospects, and I can
really help some people. This communication series is great for case reports and testimonials, so if I
will make sure to include them in the communication if I have them. I will make sure that every time I
communicate with my prospects I give them an option to reach out and schedule an appointment so
they don’t have to wait for the presentation.
I also like to have someone reach out to patients that have given us their numbers and remind them of
the upcoming presentation and answer any questions they might have about where the presentation
takes place. If they are not sure they can attend, I of course, offer to schedule them an appointment
right there on the phone as well. This usually works well and often I will get quite a few people who want
to go ahead and make an appointment even though they won’t be attending the presentation.
PRESENTATION TIME
Now I have registrants, and if I have done everything right, I am starting to get a list of people that
are going to attend my presentation, a decent portion of whom have already been scheduled for
appointments. It’s both exciting and scary to see the list grow.
When it comes time to deliver the presentation, here is the format I would recommend: Explain
what your presentation is going to be about and for whom it is designed. For example:
“Hello, I am Dr. Sewell, and we are going to be talking about the recent breakthroughs in thyroid
treatments tonight. You are going to learn about the types of thyroid issues that are out there and what
are the best treatments available.”
I won’t oversell. Often for medical practitioners it may feel uncomfortable to “sell” or be part of a sales
process. This is not a problem and is normal. After testing this myself, I have found the best place to
come from is that of being an educator and just providing information. I don’t believe in putting on
pressure or hard selling anyone. Not only is this cheesy, but it doesn’t create a good physician-patient
relationship. While there is something to be said for urgency and scarcity to be used in marketing, for
most medical professionals the only scarcity you need to use is to mention that your schedule is filling
up.
I’ll make concepts easy to understand. So often as medical professionals we can get into using our
lingo, using the proper terms for everything. Most people don’t understand medical terminology. My
power is in my ability to take the complex and make it simple. The best way to explain complex subjects
is to find a subject that the patient would understand and make an analogy. For example, your kidneys
are like filters cleaning out the waste products in your blood and eliminating them.
In order for my presentation to work, I will need to make a call to action. The best way to make a strong
call to action is to make an offer they can’t refuse. To do this, I will think about what my potential patient
would need. For example, tell your prospects that if they schedule an appointment that evening, they
will get everything they need to evaluate their thyroid, including blood labs and an ultrasound scheduled
so they won’t have to make two trips to the doctor’s office.
The final step is to follow up. Often potential patients who come across my presentation may not take
action even though I made a really great offer. These people that have attended my presentation should
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 13

--- PAGE 14 ---
be given some type of follow up. It is often quite surprising the length of time potential patients will
spend researching you and the subject before taking action. The best example of this I can share was a
time I was once reviewing the profile of a patient who had recently purchased a large procedure at our
clinic. I tracked back to the first time the patient had come to our website and was stunned to find that
the patient had first visited our website more than 12 months prior to coming in for a consultation. The
patient had visited the site a total of 11 times prior to engaging with any of our staff. The lesson of the
story is: always follow up with leads. You can invite them to other seminars in the future or just place
them on your list and keep educating them.
Here are a couple of other things to keep in mind during this process:
Done > Perfect
People that are highly technically trained, like physicians, healthcare practitioners and engineers, are
especially vulnerable to perfectionism. Most academic training reinforces the idea that your success is
dependent on how close you can achieve perfection. In school, if you get within 10 points of perfection
you get an “A”, 20 points you get a “B”, etc. In real life, this is not the case. In fact, often the people that
are the most successful are those that don’t have all the answers but proceed anyway and are willing
to fail enough to go forward. Very often we have to silence the voices we have learned to listen to and
remember our mission is to help others. Are there times where I have made a spelling error in a
document or social media post? Yes. Have there been people who have been critical of typos, even my
own peers? Yes and yes. The best way to look at this is to realize two things:
1. I don’t listen to anyone who isn’t in the arena. By arena I mean someone who is out there trying
to make something happen. If someone isn’t putting themselves out in the public eye, then
they really don’t know what they are talking about and should not be listened to.
2. 99% of the time the person that is criticizing you is someone who has an issue with themselves.
The person who unloads on your typo with heavy criticism would only do so because they are
trying to unload their own issues.
Marketing for Healthcare Practitioners
As a physician in Russell Brunson’s Inner Circle I have a unique perspective. Understanding the medical
system and having built, scaled, and sold a medical practice, I can often see how out-of-date we are
in the medical industry. While technology in medicine has been increasing, we as practitioners have
lost the art of marketing and self-promotion. We wrongly think that we are above self promotion and
marketing, as we think of those terms as negative or slimy. Perhaps we imagine the typical used car
salesman in the plaid suit yelling during a TV commercial about low, low prices. Medical marketing
should be viewed differently. I look at the way our forefathers used to practice medicine before the
implementation of a mass standard insurance system. The ideals of this generation of physician
included the idea of a community expert role. The local physician was often one trusted source of
information for the entire community.
Whether you are a physician or not, the role of healer is always open. A healer often facilitates patients
helping themselves. Many times healers help patients deal with difficult emotions and help them see
their challenges from a new perspective.
The role of physician education is very important and has almost disappeared. In an ideal world, a
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 14

--- PAGE 15 ---
physician would be able to educate the members of his community and people would have plenty of
time for get-togethers and to attend events. This is getting less likely as the hectic pace of the average
American’s life increases. Thanks to technology, we can fill this role to help the population and help
patients who are suffering from illnesses that you can heal.
Medicine is being disrupted. The future of healthcare is around the corner with most of the medical
industry undergoing consolidation. This is evident by the expanding health care Mega systems such as
Baylor Scott and White, Presbetryian Health system, and Mercy Health system just to name a few. When
you look at the medical marketplace it is quite dated, the fundamental way medicine was practiced in
the 1970s and 1980s is still being practiced today. When you look around the world and look at different
industries, every industry has been changed by advances in technology and communication systems.
Healthcare is beginning to see these changes take effect as well.
Now is the time to take back healthcare. So often it is forgotten that the patients are what make up a
healthcare system. As a physician or practitioner it is your job to find your group of patients that need
your help and then help them.
If you are a physician or healthcare practitioner and follow the steps laid out in these pages you will
find success, but more importantly you will help a massive amount of people. If you are not a physician
or practitioner, but are the owner of any brick and mortar business, you can apply the same system to
your business. It will serve you as well.
The following is the way anyone who has a message can make an impact:
1. Come from a place of caring
2. Figure out who you want to help
3. Get a message that resonates with the person you want to help
4. Determine how to get that message to your person
5. Educate that person as if they were your family member
So that’s it! The above system will get your first 100 patients in the door and set you up for success.
The task may seem daunting, but remember that as you work on this challenge, the challenge works
on you and gives you increased clarity and the ability to communicate with people who need your help.
During this process, realize that done is better than perfect, and expect to make a few mistakes. When
mistakes happen, just laugh about them and move on. Just by reaching out and helping people by
educating them, you will be improving the world and healthcare.
DR. AD AM SE WELL | 15

--- PAGE 16 ---
Alex Hormozi
CEO of Gym Launch
Alex Hormozi is the Co-CEO of Gym Launch, a consulting
program that helps gym owners achieve personal and financial
freedom with sustainable gym management processes.
Hormozi’s leadership has positioned Gym Launch as one of the
nation’s fastest-growing businesses. Since launching in 2016,
Hormozi has helped gym owners drive more than $1 billion in
sales, led a team of 100+ internal employees, impacted more
than 2,000 small business owners, published an industry-
leading book, Gym Launch Secrets, produced a weekly podcast
featuring entrepreneurial insight, and launched “Prestige
Labs,” a Best in Class supplement company.
GymLaunch.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 16

--- PAGE 17 ---
How To Get 100 Gym Members With Only
$1,000 In Your Pocket In The Next 100 Days
2,100 GYM OWNERS CAN’T BE WRONG
I feel I have an unfair advantage being asked this exact question because getting gyms to full capacity
is the only thing my team and I have done for the last 3 years at Gym Launch.
To us, this question is not hypothetical.
I was first asked to speak at ClickFunnels 4 years ago as a gym owner because I was able to open up
every gym after my first (I had 6) at full capacity on the first day using funnels and digital marketing.
Plus, I was able to do so off of cash flow in under 3 years.
After selling my gyms, we began flying around the country “launching gyms” and getting each to full
capacity in a month. We even did the sales for the gyms we worked with. All the while, we were refining
the marketing and acquisition processes so that they would be bulletproof across different markets
and countries.
After documenting the process and refining, our business exploded. Today we have over 2,100 gyms
who use our acquisition system because it works. THAT is the “fill your gym” acquisition system I am
going to outline for you in this chapter.
Additionally, I’ll add another constraint to the premise to get 100 customers in 100 days. The majority
of gym owners we have worked with only have $1,000 to spend on advertising.
So I am going to show you how we turn $1,000 into 100 customers in 100 days or less.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 17

--- PAGE 18 ---
HOW THIS WORKS
The cornerstone of this process, what makes it work, is something we call “Client Financed Acquisition”
which basically just means we make more at the point of sale than it costs to acquire that customer
AND THE NEXT. So, the customer who buys gives us enough money to get the next one. Once we
recoup our initial investment, it’s essentially “playing with the winnings” and doubling down.
If it costs me $300 to make a sale and I make $1,100 at point of sale (not including the customer’s
lifetime value [LTV] of membership and continuity), then I will be able to spend $300 to get one
customer, have another $300 to get the next customer, and ALSO have $500 left over to fulfill services
and make a profit. $300 + $300 + $500 = $1,100. Again, this excludes the lifetime value of the member
as they transition to continuity.
This creates a virtuous cycle. The more people we bring in, the more money we have to bring even
more people in.
This is how I would open all my gyms with no money down. I would let the customers fund the build out
of each gym and pay for the staffing for the first 6 weeks before recurring revenue kicked in and took
over. This is how I scaled from 0 to 6 locations as a 23 year old, in a place I knew no one, in the most
competitive fitness market (southern California) in 3 years.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 18

--- PAGE 19 ---
WHAT I AM SELLING
The single greatest advantage we have as brick & mortar gym owners is trust. Use it! Trust means high-
ticket, high-value services.
And no, a $130 per month membership is not a high-value service. It is a commodity. That’s why gyms
struggle so much. They have an undifferentiated product which makes them compete on price. They
also lose customers left and right because, well, easy-in-easy-out.
When you maximize the initial transaction, an agreement is made between both parties that they are
committing. The customer commits to seeing it through, and you commit to giving them an amazing
experience.
Before I can get started, I need to know what I am selling and how to maximize the immediate cash
value per customer.
I do this by not just selling “the one” thing, but all the things that someone getting fit might want.
Here is a chart visually breaking down cash value per prospect who walks in the door:
ALEX HORMO ZI | 19

--- PAGE 20 ---
Half the people are not buying. That is ok. It would be better to close 50% at 5x the price than 100%
at 1x the price.
This makes for better customers, and most importantly, gives me more profit to reinvest in my business
(or just stack into my bank account, which is kind of the point).
In order to maximize customer value, especially immediate cash value, I need to have a choreographed
sales process.
In my business, we have five sales over a client’s first 6 weeks:
1. Day 0: Service Sale
2. Day 2: Food Sale
3. Day 16: Supplement Sale
4. Day 30: Commitment
5. Day 44: PIF
Note that they are all spaced 14 days apart roughly. Why? Because most people get paid every 14 days.
I know what you are thinking: FIVE SALES?!?!
Yes, we attempt five sales because:
• People like buying things, so we let them. They’re going to buy them anyways, so they may as
well get them from us.
• We aren’t selling from our own wallet. Just because you wouldn’t buy fitness services doesn’t
mean someone else won’t or values them the same as you. It’s the same reason mechanics
don’t pay for others to change their car’s oil. I may not value it because I already know how to
do it, but that doesn’t make it not valuable to others.
• If there were a way for me to make your life 5x easier, wouldn’t you want me to at least give
you the opportunity to decide for yourself? I don’t let my fear of rejection get in the way of
someone else’s favor.
• The more money I make, the bigger I can grow and the more people I can help. Wanting to stay
small helps no one.
So, I am able to collect all these dollars in the first 6 weeks which is well within my 100 day window.
Hoorah! Let me dive into how this is done.
First, I need to understand what I am selling in order to know how I am going to market (and make
money doing it).
SALE #1: SERVICE SALE
In a service sale, the only thing that you have to fulfill is service. The rest of the sales are all add-on
revenue streams that I should definitely be capturing.
Why do you think every athlete is sponsored? Brands value endorsements from trusted sources. You
are their trusted source, and you should monetize these things.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 20

--- PAGE 21 ---
From the service angle alone the average gym should sell:
$149 per week Semi-Private + 1-1 Accountability/Nutrition
$99 per week Semi-Private Only
$99 per week Group Training + 1-1 Accountability/Nutrition
$49 per week Group Training Only
$49 per week 1-1 Accountability/Nutrition Only
This allows me to sell to the goal of the individual rather than fitting them into a box.
It will allow me to maximize the revenue per customer.
I will determine for my sale what services my leads need based on what they struggle with: usually
nutrition, workouts, and accountability. Then I will match my service levels with what they struggle
with. I will determine how long it will take them to reach their goal, and then I 2x that to determine how
long it will take them to maintain it. Finally, I will sell them all of that time up front.
EXAMPLE:
My leads struggle with sticking with stuff. They prefer the group workout environment. The service
level I will pitch is group plus 1-on-1 accountability for $99 per week.
If my lead’s goal is to lose 50 lbs, I know that the weight loss time is 25 weeks at 2 pounds per week.
Then, I double that to 50 weeks total to allow for metabolism recovery and maintenance time.
50 Weeks x $99 = $4,950
I will pitch this offer, but I’ll add a 20% discount if the lead pays in full on that same day and 10%
discount for paying half down.
Even if they don’t take that offer, my price anchor is so high, I can downsell 12 weeks at $1,200, and it’ll
feel practically free to the potential customer.
Here are some benchmarks I’m aiming for:
• 10 Prospects
• 5 No Sales
• 5 Sales
Of those 5 sales, I’m expecting:
• 1 Whale $2,500 Up front + Continuity
• 1 Above Average $1,200 Up front + Continuity
• 3 Normal Folks $600 Up front + Continuity
I have made $5,500 off 5 sales. That is an $1,100 average immediate cash value per customer.
Then, I set appointments with each of those clients for a nutrition orientation 24-48 hours later.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 21

--- PAGE 22 ---
SALE #2: FOOD
This is where I onboard the client, set the schedule, assign trainers, go over eating habits, and depending
on the promotion they came in for, give them a starter meal plan of some sort.
Once that occurs, I will be able to sell 60 - 80% onto some sort of meal delivery service.
To facilitate this, my company made Done-For-You Meals to ship fresh meals out to our gym owners’
customers nationally. We did this so our gyms didn’t have to deal with a local guy who is inconsistent,
can’t track and doesn’t pay out commissions aggressively. This will make the gym on average an extra
$110 per month per customer who takes the offer.
Are you noticing how we are blowing the standard $130 per month out of the water? It’s all because we
are providing more value and solving more problems.
So let’s be conservative and say 60% of new customers (3 out of 5) at my gym take my offer of meal
delivery. I’m going to get $110 x 1.5 (6 weeks) x 3 Customers = $165 x 3 = $495.
This gives me another $100 pure profit per sale, increasing my $5,500 to $5,995.
SALE #3: SUPPLEMENTS
People who run businesses, not passion projects, are always happy to sell supplements. Why? Business
owners don’t ignore data.
75%+ of USA residents buy supplements. They are going to buy them anyways, and your philosophical
issues will never overshadow the fact that when someone spends more money, they are more
invested. Period. The more invested they are, the more likely they are to succeed. As coaches, it’s our
responsibility to use every tool in our arsenal to get our clients great results.
Typically, 4 of 5 buyers will buy supplements. Based on our average stats at Prestige Labs, the average
sale is $225 per month on continuity. Payouts on that are roughly $100 per month.
$100 x 2 Months x 4 Clients = $200 extra profit per sale, increasing my $5,995 to $6,995.
SALES #4: 12-MONTH COMMITMENT
This sale would only apply to people who were downsold in the beginning: the 3 people who may not
have opted for continuity right off the bat, and just want to start with 6 weeks, 4 weeks, etc.
This is where I recap their goal. I explain to them that there is no way they will accomplish what they
came in for in the next “X” weeks. I give them an offer to commit to the year, get a discounted rate just
for making the commitment, and for doing that, I can give them a guarantee around results.
I do this to make sure that everyone gets on continuity and to also set up sale #5.
SALE #5: PAID IN FULL
14 days later, 20%-30% of clients will take an offer to save some money and pay in full for the year. It
hinges on the fact that they are already committed to making the payments, so they might as well save
ALEX HORMO ZI | 22

--- PAGE 23 ---
themselves some money. This will be the fourth meeting they have had with me, so this meeting should
be primarily providing value.
At the end of it, I simply ask if they knew about my “Year of Change” program.
They will say no.
Then I will say:
Since you already locked in your 12-month commitment, if you want, you can do what a
lot of our members do to save money and join the Year of Change program. I think you
would be a good fit for it. Our year of change clients get the best results and it’s better
than free. You actually save $500-$1000 if you want to pay in full today. Just gives us less
admin work and it’s easier on the wallet for you. It would lower your effective rate to XX.
You wanna do that?
It’s a very low key sale. At this point, I should have a lot of rapport and trust with this person.
Clients who pay in full churn less, refer more, cost less to fulfill, tend to be more engaged and also tend
to be higher participants in upsells and cross-sells.
1 out of 5 buys a $2,000 sale.
This adds another $400 per sale in up front cash, taking my $6,995 to $8,995 in revenue from five
sales within the first 6 weeks.
SUMMARY OF WHAT I AM SELLING
I’ve covered a lot so far, but what does this have to do with getting people into my gym?
In short: everything.
In the famous words of the late Dan Kennedy,“he who can spend the most to acquire a customer, wins.”
This sales conversion process allows you to take any promotion and maximize immediate cash value,
which, especially for people who don’t have a lot of money in their pocket, is how you win.
Based on perfect execution, I would make ~$1,100 per client in immediate cash value and $1,799 per
client in the first 6 weeks.
Compare this to most of my competitors who are giving away a free month then only making $135.
They make $135 in 6 weeks while I’m making $1,799. It’s not even close. That is how our gyms make
money acquiring new customers, make enough to acquire the next customer, and have plenty left over
to stack cash.
The reason our gyms have been able to grow so big so quickly is because they can spend whatever
they want in the acquisition.
Getting customers is no longer the bottleneck in the business on my quest to get 100 new clients in
100 days with less than $1,000 initial investment.
For those of you who think “no one in my market would spend that”, I probably have 5 gyms in your
market, and people are indeed spending that and more.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 23

--- PAGE 24 ---
WHAT WOULD I DO? THE STEP-BY-STEP OF OBTAINING CLIENTS
Now that I know I can sell anyone who comes in the door on a service package that will solve their
problem (not just the promotion they came in for) and a number of cross-sells they will value, there are
a number of different promotions that work.
The equation is determining how much I can pay in total for all of the following to occur:
• Ad Gets Impressions (aka eyeballs)
• Click
• Opt-In
• Schedule
• Show
Now that I know how much I make in immediate cash value (~$1,100 per sale), I need to determine how
much I can pay per show.
If I am the average gym owner and close 50%, then I make $550 per show.
This means I could spend $275 per show and have enough money to acquire that customer and the
next.
That would be the max amount I could pay. Anything under that, and I’m taking home money on top of
getting new customers to buy us more customers.
I will reverse engineer the numbers:
$275 PER SHOW
70% SHOW
$192 PER SCHEDULE
70% SCHEDULE
$134 PER OPTIN/LEAD
30% OPT-IN
$40 PER CLICK
If I am maintaining a cost of under $40 per click, I am winning and getting free customers into my gym.
Hoorah! By the way, that happens a lot. These are my MAXes.
So what does the process look like?
ALEX HORMO ZI | 24

--- PAGE 25 ---
STEP ONE: Ad Gets Impressions (a.k.a. eyeballs)
To make this easier, I have a visual that gives all the variables for making a campaign for your gym:
ALEX HORMO ZI | 25

--- PAGE 26 ---
I am going to use a combination of these things that have been found to work best. You will constantly
need to vary the promotions to keep things fresh, and so I will likely launch multiple promotions of
similar duration to see which headlines work best, like:
• 28-Day Bikini Blueprint
• 6-Week Mommy Makeover Challenge
• 42-Day Detox
Here is example copy I might use:
Hi, my name is Alex. I just opened my gym around the corner from you. That means if you
are seeing this, you are awesome.
Click here if awesome: LINK
...and to commemorate how awesome you are, and the opening of my new gym, I am
giving INSANE rates away so I can cover my new rent.
(sweating emoji faces)
I will be giving a “founders discount” on training to my first 20 new customers so that I can
cover my rent. #realtalk
And I need to do this FAST! :)
If the link still works, then there are still spaces.
I will honor the commitment if you opt-in before I end it.
If you are interested, I’m giving my 28 Day Bikini Blueprint to all new customers. Which I
have never done before.
If you want in:
1. Click here: LINK
2. Opt-in
3. Schedule A Time To Come in
4. Keep being awesome.
PS - you should click the link and sign up. The deal will expire, and I’ll go back to normal
rates soon. Which are exorbitantly expensive. :P
PPS - I will also text you to confirm your appt, so don’t be frightened. I’m a normal guy, and
I am afraid of spiders like every other sane person.
Simple enough?
The image may be a picture of me waving and making a funny face, a picture of me with clients, or a
video of me training clients all together in unison.
The combinations are limitless.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 26

--- PAGE 27 ---
STEP TWO: Build a Simple 3-Step Funnel
Once a lead clicks, they then go to a simple 3-step funnel:
Here are the funnel steps:
• Step 1: They opt in.
• Step 2: They land on a ‘scheduling page’. I want to make 3 - 8pm available for sales consults
Monday through Friday and 9am - 12pm Saturday. Yes, even Friday. It’s proven to be one of the
highest closing percentage days.
• Step 3: Leads are re-routed to a free Facebook group where they can be given content for free
and get to know me better.
At this point, I now have a certain percentage of leads who opted in and scheduled, and others who did
not schedule.
I treat them both the same. Why? People don’t show up to appointments just because they scheduled
a time. They need someone to reach out, confirm their time and get them excited to come in. People
are intimidated to come into the gym. It’s the same reason they haven’t been in to work out in a few
years. So, they need a little love.
My best practice is to “double dial” (call the same number 2x in a row), then follow up with a text. I do
that 3x per day for each lead.
Speed is king with working leads. The faster you get in contact and confirm their appointment (also
make them laugh, compliment them), the more likely they are to show up and buy.
This is all there is to it:
• Place the ads.
• Point them to the funnel.
• Work the leads.
• Get them in.
• Sell them the dream.
ALEX HORMO ZI | 27

--- PAGE 28 ---
STEP THREE: Rinse and repeat this process until my gym is full
When I spend $1, I am aiming to make $3.
• $1 goes to pay back the advertising.
• $1 goes to getting the next customer.
• $1 goes to the bank.
The more I spend, the more I make. Shrewd investors know that if they can get 2:1 returns in a 30 day
window, they would be jumping for joy. This allows you to do that and so much more.
The biggest difference between our top gyms and our struggling gyms is how much they spend.
They understand if they get 3:1 on their ad spend, they will make $30,000 if they spend $10,000 and
therefore net $20,000 in the acquisition of a new customer.
The struggling gyms fail to do this. They spend $1,000, make $3,000 and the $2,000 leftover gets
eaten up by other business costs. They fail to take advantage of absolute margins.
#limitlessleads
Best of luck and happy hunting!
ALEX HORMO ZI | 28

--- PAGE 29 ---
Andrew Argue
CEO of AccountingTax.com
Andrew Argue, CPA is the CEO of AccountingTax.com
and has helped over 7,000 accountants acquire
clients, provide higher value services, and build
teams to deliver exceptional client service.
AccountingTax.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 29

--- PAGE 30 ---
How To Attract 100 Clients In 100 Days
Using Your “New Opportunity”
The biggest problem most accountants have is their offer. They’re offering “tax preparation and
bookkeeping”.
Bookkeeping and tax preparation are not interesting to most small business owners. They dread it.
They see it as a cost. They resent it.
They need something new. A “new opportunity.”
Therein lies your “Free Tax Assessment Funnel”, which is the method I would use to get 100 new clients
in 100 days using ClickFunnels.
As an accountant, I have to switch my mindset. I’m no longer marketing compliance. I’m marketing
value. When I sit down with a small business owner for 30 to 60 minutes, I should ask them a ton of
questions about:
• Deductions
• Legal Entity Structure
• Retirement
• Insurance
• Loopholes
• Tax Cuts & Jobs Act Updates
• Niche Strategies
• Advanced Strategies
In that one hour call, I should be able to give them:
• Prior year estimated overpayment
• Current year estimated overpayment
• Future years estimated overpayment
Now, I can sense some readers are already in a panic. Rightfully so. This strategic shift means you’re
going to have to focus mostly on “business owners” not the run-of-the-mill 1040 clients you might have
been used to.
While marketing ‘tax planning’ does work for individuals, the opportunities for business owners are far
better.
ANDRE W AR G UE | 30

--- PAGE 31 ---
Let’s start off with who I actually need to target, the persona, to make this strategy work:
• Business owners => individuals
• 250-500k+ revenue => people starting out
• Local ads to general businesses or niche ads across the country
What I am offering is a 45-minute free tax assessment. I will give them an estimated savings on the first call.
(Yes, even if I were a bookkeeper, CFO, or had never done tax planning before in my life. Contrary to
popular belief, you do not need a license to do tax planning or tax preparation. Not a CPA license. Not
an Enrolled Agent. Not even a college degree.)
At the end of that call, I want to give my lead an estimated savings for prior year, current year, and
future tax years.
Whatever the current year estimated savings is, I’ll take 30% of that estimated savings as a tax planning
fee (generally $2,500 to $9,800). That’s just the first service.
After that, I’m going to upsell them into other services including:
• Tax Preparation
• Accounting, Controller, Chief Financial Officer Services
• Wealth Management
• Other commissionable services
The switch from marketing ‘compliance’ to this more strategic model is night and day. If you stick to
basic services, your lifetime value of the client is $15,250 over 5 years.
When you choreograph the experience from the free tax assessment and ascend your clients into a
multitude of other services, you maximize the value of that client 10 to 20 fold.
While not every client will use all the services, the principle of starting with planning makes all the
difference.
Here’s an example of two accountants serving the same client who might benefit differently by using
the two methods:
The Client Pays For... “John Smith” Accountant The New You
Tax Plan – $16,000 ($22k saving-$6k fee)
Business Preparation $650 $2,000 (min.)
Individual Preparation $350 $1,000 (min.)
Implementation – $1,000 (min.)
Accounting, CFO $2,400 (bookkeeping) $12,000 (min.)
Total Cost $3,400 (Free)
Accountant Fees $3,400 $22,000
ANDRE W AR G UE | 31

--- PAGE 32 ---
In this example, I’m charging 640% more than “John Smith” accountant who is still marketing
compliance to his audience.
The key to this entire strategy, though, is that the client doesn’t care about the additional cost because
I have saved them $22,000 in taxes (in the example above).
Yes, I am charging them $22,000, but that makes the process break even for the client. John Smith is
still charging them $3,400, so his services are seen as a cost - an expense.
That’s how most small business owners view their accountants: as a cost center. For that reason, they
constantly want to chip away at my fees or ask more of me for the same fee.
This new way to market my services is to become a profit center.
I want to start off the engagement by making or saving the client money instead of providing just a
service. Services are commodities, but outcomes are invaluable.
The key, though, is to provide tangible and specific value to the client in the first engagement so they
recognize my worth. This allows me to charge more for every single engagement I offer in the future.
Now, why is all this being shared in a book about ClickFunnels?
Well, here’s the thing. If I’m only charging $250 to complete a 1040 tax return, I can’t spend time and
money on marketing. I’m not providing much value, and I don’t have a high lifetime value of the client.
But, once my clients’ lifetime value starts to grow, you can spend money on advertising.
Here’s an example of one of my clients spending $30-40 per day after just a few weeks of launching
their ClickFunnels Tax Planning Funnel:
Total Spend: $2,774.44
Clicks: 532 ($5.21)
Leads: 94
Cost Per Lead: $29.52
Strategy Session: 52
Completed Appointments: 26
Sold: $19,750 - 6 unique tax plan clients (What service? Are there more services?).
Cash Collected: $17,650
711% ROI, $16,976 to break even “houses money”
ANDRE W AR G UE | 32

--- PAGE 33 ---
This is just on the first service. She went on to upsell two clients in these ways:
First client:
$2,700 Tax Plan
$7,000 Tax Prep
$26,000 Annual Recurring Accounting
= $35,700 Y1 Fees
Second Client:
$7,000 Tax Planning
$3,750 Onboarding Fee
$4,000 Tax Prep
$30,000 Annual Recurring Accounting
= $41,750 from just two clients!
That’s a total of $77,450 from just 2 clients!
All of this revenue was generated from a few thousand dollars in advertising spend to drive traffic to
her ClickFunnels landing pages.
If you were only selling 1040 services, you could have only sold less than a dozen clients at $250 each
and broken even on your ad spend, leaving no profit.
When you make the switch to “Free Tax Assessments,” you can afford to market and start serving
clients at the highest levels!
Here is a closer look at the funnel:
Facebook Ads ClickFunnels Tax Plan
Attract Engage Acquire
We use Facebook Ads to drive targeted traffic to a ClickFunnels landing page.
Leads opt-in for a “Free Tax Assessment” and schedule an appointment on the scheduling calendar.
This calendar is embedded onto the page from our scheduling software.
ANDRE W AR G UE | 33

--- PAGE 34 ---
Once we have that appointment, we perform an education-based sales consultation and close the
client on a tax plan.
BAM!
If you’re starting over and looking to get as many clients as possible as a tax or accounting firm:
1. Switch to serving business owners.
2. Switch to tax plans as the first offer.
3. Launch Facebook ads to a ClickFunnels page.
4. Perform a “Free Tax Assessment” and close a tax plan.
5. Upsell clients into other services.
Do that, and you’ll knock the socks off the competition and have 100 new clients in no time!
ANDRE W AR G UE | 34

--- PAGE 35 ---
Dr. Anissa Holmes
Founder of Delivering WOW
Dr. Anissa Holmes, a Dentist, Business Acceleration Coach,
Social Media Strategist, and Best Selling Author, is a leader
in the dental industry. Dr. Holmes has coached and advised
coaches, million dollar practice owners, and startup practices.
Based on her massive success, Dr. Holmes has been featured
in top dental publications, such as Dental Economics, Dentistry
IQ, and Dental Products Report, and has been featured as one
of the top 25 Women in Dentistry. She has also been a featured
speaker at Social Media Marketing World and her Delivering
WOW Dental Podcast has listeners in over 100 countries.
DeliveringWOW.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 35

--- PAGE 36 ---
Using Dental Marketing Funnels To
Generate A Steady Flow Of New Patients
Not too long ago, dental practices only used traditional sources of advertising to attract clients. They
would place an ad in a newspaper or phone book. They put together a local radio or TV ad. They sent
direct mailers to people who lived near their office. Aside from these methods, practices asked patients
for referrals to friends and family or collaborated with local businesses to promote each other.
For many years, I used these traditional methods to market my practice, too. Although those traditional
methods were helping me attract patients, I had a much bigger vision for my practice than just another
dental practice. I wanted more for my patients, team members, and myself. I wanted more for my
family. I had a big vision.
Using Dental Marketing Funnels to Fulfill My Big Practice Vision
I wanted to build a profitable dental practice that delivered such WOW experiences that patients
actually looked forward to their next appointment. I wanted to build a workplace that attracted and
retained the best team members, and I wanted to build a practice that could operate just as profitably
without me working as it did when I was physically there. I wanted to take vacations and attend dance
recitals, sports events, and school plays.
To help me design and implement a plan to achieve that vision, I went outside of the dental world and
hired a premier business coach to work with me over a year. Throughout that year, we worked on
redesigning everything from operations to the patient experience to become the #1 dental practice
known for “Delivering WOW.”
From delivering WOW experiences to patients to breaking the traditional marketing mold, my coach
and I redesigned every part of my practice. The results were nothing short of extraordinary. Profits
soared. Patients raved, and we set up our team members to succeed.
Although we revolutionized operations and patient experiences, the most impactful changes we made
were how we marketed our practice. We transitioned from traditional marketing to online marketing,
and our results were fast and furious.
We no longer had to spend thousands of dollars and wait weeks or months for an ad to run. Instead, we
could reach thousands of potential patients for pennies. Using Facebook marketing, we could get the
phone to start ringing in a matter of minutes or hours.
Even better, we could set up a series of automated messages delivered using ClickFunnels pages
and email sequences to nurture relationships with potential patients. Those sequences answered
frequently asked questions, showed potential patients what makes our practice different from others,
and gave potential patients a glimpse into who we are.
We could build relationships with people that were much deeper than a traditional ad could ever do.
In answering questions and nurturing relationships automatically, we could spend less time on the
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 36

--- PAGE 37 ---
phone with prospects, too. Our automations also filtered out people who were not patient candidates
while funneling to our practice those who were right for us. Even better, when people made it through
our funnels, they already knew, liked, and trusted us, making it much more likely that they would move
forward with the treatment plans we recommended.
Helping Other Practices Attract New Patients on Autopilot
After mastering the art and science of using Facebook, followed by automated sequences, my team
and I started helping other practices do the same. We helped everything from start-up practices to
ones that have been operating for decades. The results were the same.
With the right systems, processes, and marketing, any brick and mortar business can use Facebook and
funnels to attract a steady flow of new, ideal patients or clients on just a few dollars a day. In fact,
many of my clients get better results on a $500 monthly marketing budget with Facebook ads and
dental marketing funnels than they did when they spent thousands of dollars every month on traditional
advertising.
Getting 100 New Patients in Just 100 Days: A Four-Phase Approach
If I needed to generate 100 new patients in just 100 days, I would use the same four-phase process I
have used for my practice and with thousands of others.
The first phase would last 45 days, during which I would focus on building relationships with potential
patients and other local businesses, setting up our advertising audiences for future efforts, and training
my team to convert leads into patients.
The second phase would run from day 46 through day 50. During these days, I would run three
campaigns. Each campaign would promote one procedure that is proven to attract new patients,
including cavity risk assessments, Invisalign, and dental implants. The campaigns would direct people
into a simple dental marketing funnel designed to help them understand whether they are a candidate
for the procedure. It would also give people an opportunity to schedule an appointment or learn more
about the procedure while being added to an audience for future advertising efforts.
The third phase would run from day 51 through day 80. During this phase, I would introduce additional
campaigns to nurture relationships we built during the first two phases. As with the earlier phases, I
would continue to evaluate performance and identify ways to improve.
The fourth phase would run from day 81 through day 100. By this time, my ads would be performing
well, and my dental marketing funnels would be answering all the frequently asked questions and
building strong relationships with the leads generated in the earlier phases.
Here is the step-by-step process I would use to generate at least 100 patients in 100 days.
PHASE 1: Building A Warm Audience For Facebook Ads (Days 1–45)
During the first forty-five days, I would focus on four key activities:
• Running a community-engagement campaign with local businesses where I give away gift
cards from local businesses on social media.
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 37

--- PAGE 38 ---
• Running a smile makeover competition, where I generate buzz through giving away a life-
changing smile transformation to one person in need.
• Setting up Facebook marketing “retargeting” audiences, which are saved audiences in
Facebook’s advertising platform that places ads to people who have engaged with my practice’s
online platforms.
• Training my team on using the phone to convert leads generated from our phase-one activities
into new patients.
Here is how I would implement each of these four activities:
Running a Community-Engagement Campaign with Local Businesses
Running a community-engagement campaign with local businesses helps establish partnerships with
local businesses, builds a common goal for my team, and generates big, warm advertising audiences
on Facebook and Instagram to use in the future for digital marketing campaigns.
By building warm audiences, I can get more people to respond to future ads because the people seeing
my ads will already know me. Thus, I get a higher percentage of people to respond.
Additionally, the cost I pay to Facebook when using a warm, retargeting audience for my ads will be
much lower than when I send ads to cold audiences I put together based on demographics alone.
As a result, with retargeting audiences, I get better results at a lower cost. Here is a step-by-step
process for running an effective community engagement campaign.
First, I make a list of local businesses in my community that I can partner with on a gift card giveaway.
My goal is to get twelve local businesses to donate a gift card so that I can give away one gift card a day
for twelve days. Ideally, these businesses would have a large social media following of their own.
With the help of my team, I reach out to these businesses and ask them to donate a gift card that can
be given away in a community social media campaign. The business will get social media exposure as
they will be tagged in my Instagram and Facebook posts during the campaign.
The process of procuring these gift cards should take no more than a week (Days 1 - 7).
Here is the script my team uses when requesting prizes from local businesses.
Subject: Re: Collaboration to Increase Your Social Media Following & Give Back to
<community name here>
Dear <contact name>,
Hi, I’m Dr. from <practice name>, and we love to give back to and engage with our
community. When we do this, we always see an increase in our social media engagement
and following, so we wanted to invite you to collaborate with us to see similar results on
your pages:
In the next week or two, we will be launching our social media giveaway for our community.
We are going to be giving away a few prizes from our practice but would love to have prizes
from you as well, if you are willing to participate. Here’s how:
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 38

--- PAGE 39 ---
We would love to give away <# of> gift cards throughout the week. We already have # of gift
cards from our practice as well as <insert business names that have already committed
& what gift cards they’ve given here>. Would you be willing to give a gift card for <insert
service or treatment here> to this giveaway?
We thought of collaborating with you because we believe that you are just as committed
to the highest quality service for <name of community> as we are, and this is the perfect
opportunity to become even more well-known for that commitment.
The giveaway will be hosted on our social media pages, so of course, any business that
sponsors these prizes will be featured to our audience during the giveaway.
Let us know if you can give a gift card for <insert service or treatment here>, and feel free
to reply to this email if you have any questions!
Thank you,
<signature>
I also call local businesses to follow up, especially if I don’t hear back from them. I ask for a manager
or the owner and let them know I’m from a local dental practice and want to promote them to the
community. If they’re unsure on the phone, I offer to send them an email or letter to follow up on our
conversation. Here is a script I will customize and send.
Subject: Re: Collaboration to Increase Your Social Media Following & Give Back to
<community name here>
Dear <contact name>,
Thank you for your interest in collaborating with us to serve our community better!
As we discussed, <name of practice> is launching our social media giveaway in the next
week or two. We would love to collaborate with you because we believe that you are just as
committed to the highest quality service for <name of community> as we are, and this is
the perfect opportunity to become even more well-known for that commitment.
We would love to give away <# of> gift cards throughout the week. We already have <# of>
gift cards from our practice as well as gift cards from <insert business names that have
already committed & what gift cards they’ve given here>. Would you be willing to give a gift
card for <insert service or treatment here> to this giveaway?
The giveaway will be hosted on our social media pages, so of course, any business that
sponsors these prizes will be featured to our audience during the giveaway.
Let us know if you can give a gift card for <insert service or treatment here>, and feel free
to reply to this email if you have any questions!
Thank you,
<signature>
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 39

--- PAGE 40 ---
When I reach out to local businesses, I always get more than enough gift cards to use for our giveaway.
Local businesses get promoted by my firm without having to do anything other than donate a gift card.
Once I collect the gift cards, the next twelve days (Days 8 - 19) will be spent running my giveaway on
Facebook. Here are the action items I will complete:
• Give away one prize (gift card) each day.
• Do a Facebook Live video announcing the campaign on Day 8. In the video, I let people know
I will be giving away a gift card to local businesses every day for the next twelve days, starting
that day.
• Edit the Facebook post (once the video is complete) using the language below for my post.
• Announce the winner of the prize on Facebook Live video the following day. Let people know to
look for that day’s giveaway on that video.
• Use an image post to start that day’s giveaway in a separate post. Generally, to be eligible
to enter, I ask people to share the post and comment with something specific, such as their
favorite food, best vacation spot, or a specific word or phrase. This helps improve engagement
on the post so it is shown in more people’s feeds.
Here is language I will modify, then post for my Facebook Live announcing the giveaway campaign:
🎉 Our 12-Day [Name of Month] GIVEAWAY is here!
🎉 Don’t miss your chance to win BIG! 🎁🎁
DAY 1: Today our prize is a [Enter Prize] from [Enter Company]! 👜
Simply SHARE and to be eligible to WIN this PRIZE, COMMENT [What they must comment] to
be entered to win!
Don’t miss your chance to win BIG! 🎁
Make sure to check back each day until Friday to enter to win that day’s prize!
Prizes Include
• [Business Name] — Prize 👜👑
• [Business Name] — Prize
• [Business Name] — Prize
• [Business Name] — Prize 🦷🦷
• [Business Name] — Prize 🍤🍔🥙
• $500.00 [Name of Practice Gift Card] to be used for ANY procedure!!!!
🦷🦷🔥🔥🦷🦷🔥🔥
Good luck! 👑
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 40

--- PAGE 41 ---
Once done, I post the first prize post on Facebook and Instagram using the same language. With
Instagram, people can’t easily share the post like they can on Facebook. Thus, I modify the Instagram
post to remove the sharing requirement, using these as the terms to enter:
To be eligible to WIN this PRIZE, simply COMMENT [What they must comment] to
be entered to win!
By the end of the first 19 days of my 100 day plan, I will have built relationships with local businesses,
increased my social media following, and generated buzz and good will with potential new patients. My
phone will likely already be ringing with people wanting to make appointments.
The best part is I haven’t spent a penny yet. I have leveraged relationships with local businesses and
social media engagement to reach potential patients in a positive light, and I have engagement from
people on my practice’s Facebook page that I can use with future campaigns.
Running a Smile Makeover Competition
With my local business giveaway complete, I am now ready to run a smile makeover competition.
Instead of giving away one small prize each day for twelve days, I will give away one life-changing smile
transformation treatment to someone in need.
Conducting the smile makeover competition after the local business campaign allows me to reach more
people for the smile makeover competition than I would have if I did it first.
The objective of a smile makeover competition is to generate buzz around the practice while truly
changing one person’s life with a free smile makeover. To do so, I simply collect submissions and decide
a winner to receive free dental services.
To enter, I will ask candidates to submit an email with their picture and story of what a free smile
makeover would mean to them. I select the winner and work with them directly to determine the
logistics of their treatment. I like to set up a new email for submissions to be sent to, so they are all in
one place. Once I have my new email address for collecting submissions and the date my promotion
will end (30 days after it begins), I start spreading the word. For maximum exposure for my smile
makeover campaign, I spread the word everywhere I can, including:
• Announce the contest using a Facebook ad targeting people who have engaged with your page
in the past.
• Announce the contest in a Facebook Live video.
• Send an E-Newsletter to patients.
• Print a flyer to hang in my office.
• Post follow-up posts on my Facebook page.
• Conduct follow-up ads to retargeting audiences.
• Reach out to the local businesses I partnered with on the gift card giveaway, and ask them to
share the post.
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 41

--- PAGE 42 ---
Here is a script I will modify and use for my smile makeover announcement:
Do you want a FREE smile makeover?😁😁
Enter to win our Smile Makeover Competition for a chance to have your smile and dentistry
needs paid for!
To enter our Smile Makeover Competition:
Send an email to smiles@xyz.com.
Include a picture of your smile.
Include your story and why you want a FREE smile makeover.
The winner will be announced [DATE].
Good luck! 🙌
Here is a second script:
Hey, [CITY]!👋 Do you want to win a FREE Smile Makeover?😁😁😁
[PRACTICE NAME] is giving away a FREE Smile Makeover to one lucky person. ALL of the
costs are 100% covered!
To enter our Smile Makeover Competition:
Send an email to [EMAIL].
Include a picture of your smile.
Include what a smile makeover would mean to you.
The winner will be announced [DATE].
Good luck! 🙌
Setting Up Your Facebook Retargeting Audiences
With engagement rolling in on my giveaway campaigns, I am ready to start setting up Facebook
retargeting audiences which I can utilize in future ad campaigns. To do so, I go to Facebook’s advertising
platform.
Here are the audiences I set up:
• People who have engaged with my Facebook or Instagram pages.
• People who have visited my website.
• Current patients.
• People who have viewed my Facebook videos.
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 42

--- PAGE 43 ---
• High-income earners. I can create this audience based on income information that Facebook
collects as well as by targeting people who live on specific streets I know to be in affluent areas.
• “Lookalike” audiences, which are audiences Facebook auto-generates at your request. They
are designed to be full of people who share common characteristics with other audiences I
create. For example, creating a lookalike audience based on my current patients will generate
a list of people who share characteristics with my current patients.
Each of these categories of people offers distinct advantages when posting Facebook or Instagram ads.
Many of them are people who know me already, such as people who have engaged with my content or
website. High-income earners are people who likely value and have an ability to afford quality dental
care. Lookalike audiences are colder audiences that are more likely to be interested in my practice
because they share characteristics with patients or people who have engaged with me already.
Once these audiences are set up in Facebook’s advertising platform, they will continue to grow. As
more people engage with my content, they will be added to the appropriate audience. Similarly, as
people visit my website, they will be added to my audience of people who visit my website.
After I announce my smile giveaway, I set up these Facebook retargeting audiences.
Training My Team to Use the Phone to Convert Leads into Patients
With my Facebook and Instagram engagement rolling and my retargeting audiences building, my
phone is going to start ringing. I need to make sure my team members know how to convert those
phone calls into patients.
To do so, I invest in training my team to ask potential patients powerful questions and then frame
the conversation around the potential patients’ words. For example, if a potential patient calls about
replacing dentures, the typical dental practice would ask a patient how long they have had the dentures
and then suggest dental implants as a solution. While that might be where the patient ultimately lands
from a treatment perspective, it’s very cold from a conversational perspective.
Instead, I would train my team to ask why they are interested in replacing their dentures. My team
should ask follow-up questions about how the dentures are impacting their life. If the potential client
answers that they are embarrassed by having to remove them, my team member should invite the
caller in for a consultation to help find a better option for their lifestyle. This lets the patient know my
team and I are focused on helping them, rather than just trying to sell them dental implants.
Similarly, many times, callers will explain that they want to solve a problem with their teeth or smile but
are concerned that they cannot afford it. Instead of responding with a cost, my team can instead ask
whether they are ready to move forward if we can help them fit their treatment into their budget. This
lets patients know we work hard to help patients afford the best care possible.
Here are four questions my team should be prepared to ask potential patients when they call:
• “What is your biggest challenge that you are facing with your teeth or smile?
• “What do you feel would be the biggest benefit if you could get XYZ procedure done?”
• “Imagine how you will look and feel when you are smiling with confidence and you never ever
have to worry about again.”
• “If you can fit into your budget, are you ready to start right away?
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 43

--- PAGE 44 ---
In addition to demonstrating empathy for patients, these questions help my team and I pre-qualify
leads so we can get higher-value patients. For example, if a patient says they do not know how the
procedure will benefit them, they are likely not ready to move forward. If they are not ready to start
right away, it’s probably not a great use of chair time to invite them in for a consultation. Instead, my
team can offer to send them information and keep in touch over email.
PHASE 2: Start Running Funnels And Email Nurture Sequences
(Days 46 - 50)
In Phase 1, I generated buzz, built advertising audiences, grew my reputation in my local community,
and trained my team to pre-qualify and convert leads into patients. At this point, I will likely have begun
generating leads and scheduling new patients. That’s a natural result of the Phase 1 activities.
In Phase 2, I want to get even more intentional and strategic about using the good will and audiences I
have set up to generate new patient leads. The specific types of patients I target include dental implant
patient leads, Invisalign patient leads, and patients who are at risk of cavities or more advanced tooth
decay. In just five days, I will start generating results from all the effort we put in during Phase 1.
For dental implant patients, I would post a Facebook ad targeting people who visit my website’s dental
implant page, which can be done using our website traffic retargeting audience. I would also send out
an email to all patients on our email list. With both the ad and the email, I would invite people to take a
quiz to learn whether they are a candidate for dental implants.
The following is a script I can modify and use in my email campaigns and Facebook ads:
Subject Line: Are You a Good Candidate for Implants?
Hi, [First Name],
Thank you for your interest in dental implants!!
A dental implant seems like a good option for you.
Let’s talk a little more about it!
Who is a good candidate for dental implants?
Most people with missing teeth are candidates for dental implants.
The most important factor is if you have enough bone in your jaw to support the implant.
Even if the bone has deteriorated, your oral surgeon may still be able to perform dental
implant surgery by using bone grafting to rebuild the jaw.
Your dentist can determine this during the planning process for the procedure. You may
also be asked to undergo medical tests to ensure that you don’t have a condition that
could interfere with your recovery.
If you’re considering a dental implant, you may be eligible for a free consultation. Contact
us to find out!
Click here to schedule an appointment. {LINK}
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 44

--- PAGE 45 ---
Our Location:
[Address]
[Phone Number]
And feel free to reply to this email with any questions you may have.
All the best,
[Dentist/Dental Team Member Name]
P.S. Want to check up on us? Read our amazing reviews! {LINK}
When people click the link in my email or ad, it should allow them to take a simple quiz that answers
pre-qualification questions for dental implant patients. This can be set up very simply using many quiz
software platforms.
As you saw in the script above, I also give people an opportunity to schedule an appointment right
away. Finally, I also put up a frequently asked questions post about dental implants on my website. By
doing so, I can invite potential patients to learn more about whether they are a candidate for dental
implants without scheduling an appointment or taking a quiz. And because I have already set up your
retargeting audiences, when people read the article, they will be put in my “website visitors” retargeting
audience for future dental implant ads.
I include an invitation to schedule an appointment or take the quiz to see if they’re a candidate for dental
implants on the frequently asked questions post. Sometimes, people are unsure whether they are ready
to take a quiz or make an appointment but want more information. After reading my frequently asked
questions post, some of those leads will be ready to take the quiz or make an appointment, but they
might not go back to the email or ad where I invited them to take a quiz or appointment. So, I give them
a prominent call to action to take the quiz or make an appointment right in the frequently asked
questions post.
I do the same for Invisalign and cavity risk: send an email and post a Facebook ad inviting people to
determine whether they are a good candidate for Invisalign or cavity risk assessment, give them an
opportunity to schedule an appointment, and post an article of frequently asked questions on my
website so visitors will be added to retargeting audiences on Facebook.
In just five days, I will start to get patients taking quizzes, scheduling appointments, and being added
to retargeting audiences.
PHASE 3: Building Buzz And Nurturing Leads (Days 51 – 80)
During phase three, I will focus on nurturing relationships with leads and continue to target potential
patients for high-value services. To nurture relationships, I will run a 30-Day Floss Challenge and run
video ads of patient testimonials.
The purpose of the Floss Challenge is to inspire patients and social media followers to take a 30-Day
Floss Challenge as well as to continue the process of building warm audiences. To encourage people to
enter, I would offer weekly prizes, such as Starbucks gift cards, movie theater gift cards, free electric
toothbrushes, gift cards to my own practice, Amazon gift cards, Apple watches, or tickets to a local
amusement park.
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 45

--- PAGE 46 ---
I don’t have to tell you about the importance of flossing. You know the stats. Studies find patients are
more likely to floss if there’s an incentive. And no, unfortunately, most people don’t find good oral health
to be much of an incentive. So, this campaign is designed to promote good oral hygiene habits while offering
a fun incentive, and when people start focusing on flossing, they will have their oral health top of mind. This
allows me to get people to schedule appointments without asking them to. It will happen naturally.
To enter, I have participants sign the Floss Pledge and take a photo of themselves holding their signed
pledge. Here are two options for pledge graphics you can use.
Pledge Graphic Option 1
Pledge Graphic Option 2
To keep the momentum going, I have participants upload pictures throughout each week of them and
their families flossing. I choose a photo entry at random at the end of each week for weekly prizes.
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 46

--- PAGE 47 ---
Candidates who submit a picture each week will be entered for the grand prize. As with the other
challenges and giveaways, I spread the word in as many ways as I can, including:
• Announcing the contest on Facebook,
• Sending an E-Newsletter to patients, and
• Having a flyer printed for my front office.
While my 30-Day Floss Challenge is running, I also start running video ads of patient testimonials. To
get patient testimonials, I ask every patient, “How was your experience today?” When they say “great,”
I say, “awesome! Would you be willing to share your experience through a quick video? It just might
change someone’s life.”
(If you’re not comfortable asking every patient for a video testimonial, start by asking your most loyal
and outgoing ones first.)
Once I collect a few testimonials, I post those videos as ads for my practice. Video testimonials are
powerful, even more powerful than online reviews because potential patients can feel and see the
enthusiasm with which my patients express their excitement for my practice.
Finally, I also run video ads for high-value services I want to offer. For example, I could record a video of
three ways to replace missing teeth. In the video, I explain the three options and invite people to take
the quiz I set up to see if they’re a candidate for dental implants, schedule an appointment, or read my
article answering frequently asked questions.
PHASE 4: Driving Traffic And Converting Leads Into Patients
(Days 81–100)
When I follow the first three phases, I will likely be generating patient leads on a regular basis. I may
have already generated more than 100 patients. When I help practices walk through these phases, we
see tremendous growth, not only in patient growth but also in profitability and practice culture.
No matter what my results are to date, however, during Phase 4, I get even more focused on driving the
right traffic to my dental marketing funnels and converting the leads those funnels generate into new
patients.
For a refresher, here is just some of what I accomplished during the first 80 days:
• Built relationships with local businesses,
• Organized multiple giveaways to build relationships with social followers and community
members,
• Conducted a smile makeover promotion to help transform the life of someone in need,
• Set up Facebook retargeting audiences to get better results for my dental marketing campaigns
at lower costs,
• Trained my team members on how to convert leads into patients,
• Run campaigns for dental implants, Invisalign, and cavity risk, or whatever other high-value
procedures I decided to grow, and more!
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 47

--- PAGE 48 ---
In Phase 4, I focus on running additional traffic to my campaigns. I can do this by running additional
campaigns, such as clothing drives around the holiday seasons, or by placing additional ads specific to
the campaigns I have already put in place - or both!
For example, if I want to run a clothing campaign around Christmas, I could modify and use the following
text for Facebook ads or email marketing efforts:
Hey, [INSERT CITY, if using a Facebook ad] or [First Name, if on email]!👋
Need to make room for all your new clothes from Christmas?
We’re hosting a clothing drive with [DONATION RECIPIENT COMPANY]. 👕👖👗
As a thank you, all participants will be entered for a chance to win 🎉 $250 worth of
FREE Dental Care! 🎉
To participate and be entered to win, simply bring your clothes to [PRACTICE NAME] at
[ADDRESS] before [DATE]. 😁
After you experience success following this simple program, please tell me about it so I
can celebrate with you!
I keep my traffic running to my quizzes and FAQ articles with prominent invitations for people to
schedule appointments throughout these final 20 days.
I also celebrate as my phone keeps ringing with new patients coming in for cavity risk assessments,
dental implants, Invisalign, or whatever other procedures I decide to promote!
Conclusion
If you follow these four phases consistently over 100 days, you will likely have grown your social media
presence significantly while generating more patient leads than you imagined possible in such a short
period of time.
This is the exact four-phase process I would follow if I needed to generate patients fast, and it’s the
exact four-phase proven process we have used to help dental practices around the world do the same.
Best of luck with your funnel!
DR. ANIS S A HOLME S | 48

--- PAGE 49 ---
Dr. Chad Woolner
CEO of Align Integrated Medical
Dr. Chad Woolner is the go-to guy for creating online
Chiropractic marketing funnels that effectively attract
& convert high quality new patients. Having struggled
early on in his practice, he has made it a goal to base his
business around his lifestyle so that he can spend more
time with his family. Since launching ChiroFunnel Secrets
and ChiroFunnel Massive Action Plan (M.A.P.) Weekend, he
has helped doctors throughout the country change both
their practice and their lives. Dr. Woolner lives in Meridian,
Idaho with his beautiful wife, Amber, and three kids, Sam,
Noel and Ruby. He loves fishing, playing guitar, doing
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and spending time with his family.
AlignMeridian.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 49

--- PAGE 50 ---
100 New Chiropractic Patients In 100 Days
Holy Cow! I was so honored when Russell invited me to participate in such a cool project like this. It
has been amazing to see just what has transpired with ClickFunnels since the good ol’ beta testing
days. You see, I was one of the first 20 people to ever use ClickFunnels in “the real world”. I saw it from
its original inception to the full-blown movement it’s become today. I have seen first hand just how
powerful ClickFunnels is for us brick and mortar business owners. I feel like sometimes we get lost in
the shuffle with all the glitz and glamour of all the online business world. I’m biased, I know, but I believe
that us brick and mortar business owners are the coolest business owners out there! (No offense to
the online guys and gals; I have an online business, too.)
My story is unfortunately all too common for many brick and mortar business owners, especially
professional, service-based businesses like chiropractors, dentists, lawyers, etc. We didn’t go to school
for business. We went to school to become professionals, and yet, for many of us, we unknowingly
entered the world of entrepreneurship. Some (few) are able to figure things out. Most however, struggle.
I was one of the ones in that latter group. I struggled for years in the practice. I knew Russell way back
when I was just getting started in the practice. He got a front row seat, so to speak, of all the various
things I tried (mud I threw experimentally against the wall to see what stuck). Most of which were, let’s
say, less than effective. He was there for the entire ride and saw the struggle. When and where he could,
he’d offer encouragement and advice, but at the end of the day, it was my business and therefore my
responsibility to make things happen. I hired (and fired) multiple consulting groups. You name it, I tried
it. For nearly 5 years, I was barely scraping by. I know firsthand the pain of trying to bring your vision to
life only to seem to fail every step of the way. I know it might sound perhaps a bit cliche, but I was literally
on the verge of throwing in the towel altogether. My wife and I were very seriously contemplating selling
my chiropractic practice, hoping we could at least pay off the debts I had incurred and break-even and
then move to another state to try something new.
It was right around this time that I was about to abandon my dream of a successful chiropractic practice
that Russell suggested I try using this new software he had developed called, ClickFunnels. I started
playing around with it, and it got my mental wheels turning. I came up with an idea of how I could use
it to put a new spin on a relatively old-school marketing strategy known as a “lunch and learn”. I put
together my first funnel and the rest, as they say, is history. The end….
…C’mon now! You don’t think I’d leave you hanging did you? Nope. I wanted to properly set the stage
for you if for no other reason than to show you that what I am about to share with you is born out of
real life experience. I’ve been in the trenches from the beginning. I’ve got all the battle scars to prove it,
so what I will share with you from here on out is 0% fluff and theory and 100% total tactical MEAT. You
can have complete confidence in what I am going to teach you here because it has not only worked for
me in my practice but literally hundreds of other chiropractors (and other healthcare professionals) all
over the world! The path that I’m going to show you is dead-simple, but it requires some hard work. For
me, anything that fits this criteria is music to my ears because I know that although I may not be the
smartest, most talented guy in the world, I know I can work hard.
I’m going to break my plan down into weekly increments. If I take 100 days and divide that by 7 days per
week, that roughly works out to be just over 14 weeks. So, I’ve got 14 weeks to get 100 new patients, or
an average of 7 new patients per week. No problem! Let’s go!
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 50

--- PAGE 51 ---
The Three Primary Phases
I’m going to divide my overall strategy into 3 primary phases:
Phase #1: The Sprint Phase,
Phase #2: The Surge Phase, and
Phase #3: The Marathon Phase.
I’m going to do this intentionally because this helps me avoid what I call “The New Patient Roller
Coaster”. This sucks. I need to create a series of funnels that work together to help provide greater
consistency and stability for generating new patients.
You see, if all I did was treat funnels like some new gimmick or quick-fix band-aid to simply get a “bunch
of new patients”, then I’d seriously be underutilizing a powerful tool for helping me grow and scale my
practice. I don’t simply want to get a bunch of new patients really quickly only to see things fizzle and
fade. So rather than that, I’m going to set up a funnel growth strategy to help myself capitalize on
momentum so I can leverage my results to help fuel business growth.
PHASE #1: THE SPRINT PHASE
The objective of The Sprint Phase is simple: get as many high quality, paying, new patients to my practice
as quickly as possible.
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 51

--- PAGE 52 ---
Weeks 1 and 2: Begin The Reboot Workshop Funnel
The Reboot Funnel is an entirely new approach on a familiar strategy that most docs refer to as “lunch
and learns” or “lunch workshops.” I call it the Reboot Funnel because it’s based on a workshop I do in
my community known as “The 30-Minute Reboot.” I also call it the Reboot Funnel because it’s literally
the funnel I used to “reboot” my practice so to speak. When I first began developing this funnel, I
thought back to some of the more effective strategies for acquiring new patients up until that point.
I knew that doing lunch workshops was by far one of the more effective strategies that I had used. I
had a consulting group that told me to start doing them. I did, and they produced some pretty good
results. There were just two big problems with the typical approach that most chiropractors are taught
regarding lunch workshops:
Problem #1: The “Thinly Veiled Sales Pitch”
The way I had been taught by most of the various consulting groups, coaches and “gurus” out there
was to do a passionate speech about the wonders and benefits of chiropractic care and why everyone
should go see a chiropractor. I thought It made sense at the time. But looking back, I realized that I
wasn’t providing any real, substantive value for my audiences besides a free lunch. It was nothing more
than a cheap excuse to jump in front of group and capture their attention just long enough to make a
quick sales pitch, which inevitably lead me to problem #2.
Problem #2: The “One Shot Is All You Got” Approach
There I would be, making the transition from the “valuable” presentation portion of the lunch workshop
to the “pitch” portion of the workshop. I could always sense when the pitch was approaching. I could feel
it, and I am sure my audience could too. I felt a tremendous amount of pressure to make sure I “nailed”
the pitch just right because I only had one shot to get it right. I had lucked out on getting their attention
for just long enough, so I now had to strike then and there while I still had their attention so I could get the
highest percentage of sign-ups possible. Sometimes we’d get people to sign up, but often we wouldn’t.
It created quite a bit of pressure to perform. As a result of this pressure, I often found myself clumsy and
awkward and usually frustrated with the inconsistency of the results. It was awful, and I hated it.
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 52

--- PAGE 53 ---
The Reboot Funnel helped to eliminate both of these common problems by first creating immense,
real value for my audience besides just a free lunch as a cheap excuse to pitch the group. Second,
it provided a more consistent framework to follow that allowed me to create an authentic ongoing
conversation with my audience. We made the shift from the “One shot is all you got” approach to now
providing ongoing value-based communication with the group through our “Re-Invite Sequence”,
shown on the Funnel Map diagram.
You’re probably saying “Okay, that sounds all good and fine in theory, but how does this look in reality?”
Pretty simple actually.
First, I create a value-based workshop. When I say value-based, I don’t mean a boring “techno-jargon
based” presentation that tries to cram a decade of education down their throats in one sitting. I’m not
talking about a thinly-veiled sales pitch either. No! I have to start with one simple question: “What’s a
big (and common) problem that I can teach people to solve through my workshop?” From there I can
use this as a springboard for creating new, exciting, engaging workshops that will provide value for my
community independent of myself, my clinic and the free lunch. What might be some examples of
value-based workshops? Here are some ideas off the top of my head:
1. The “10 Minute Headache Solution” Workshop: Teach a simple, natural routine or solution
that will help them both prevent and eliminate headaches
2. The “Back Hacks” Workshop: Show the best “hacks” for preventing back injuries in the
workplace and getting relief from work related back problems.
3. The “Energizer” Workshop: Give 3 incredible tips for quickly boosting energy and enhancing
productivity in the workplace.
4. The “Tension Reset” Workshop: Provide some simple, quick and easy to implement strategies
to reduce muscle tension and stress.
5. The “Brain Boost” Workshop: Share some of the best food, supplements and tools attendees
can use to boost their mood and overall brain function.
Notice how these workshops were not intended to be general, catch-all “Improve Your Health” type
presentations. Nope. They were designed to solve specific but common problems. By approaching it
this way, I’m narrowing my messaging to help provide a much higher level of perceived value. At the
same time, I’m keeping my topic broad enough to apply to the vast majority of my audience. My
workshop isn’t going to simply be some “rah-rah”, “fluff” presentation. It will give real value upfront
first. I am going to employ the classic strategy that Robert Cialdini refers to in his book, Influence, as
“The Law of Reciprocity.” It simply states that if we give value first, we will receive value in return. No
where have I found this to be more true than with my funnels, and especially the Reboot Funnel. What
happened when I made the transition from the old-school “thinly-veiled sales pitch, one shot is all you
got” approach to a value-based approach? It led to far more consistent predictable results. Once I
finish the “delivery” portion of the workshop, I then transition to the “invite” portion. Simply put, at the
end of every workshop, I extend what I refer to as a “special invitation” to everyone in attendance. To
avoid making it feel the least bit salesy (like a time-share pitch), I always use total transparency right
up front by saying something like this:
Hello and thank you so much for allowing us this opportunity to present to you the
workshop. We’re really excited to be able to share this information with you because we
know that this can change people’s lives. You might be wondering why we’re here, so let
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 53

--- PAGE 54 ---
us just share with you right up front what our goal is for today. Anytime we go out and do
these workshops, our primary goal is to provide as much value as possible. Let me get
more specific with you. What we’re going to be sharing today are some strategies that you
can use, independent of us, that will have an immediate impact for good on your health as
well as your productivity at work. At the end of every workshop that we do, we want to be
totally transparent and let you know that we always extend a special invitation to anybody
who would like to come in and see us at our clinic. But understand first and foremost that
our primary goal today is to provide you with as much value as possible. You should be
seeing a signup sheet going around right now. If you’ll put down your name and your email,
we’re going to provide you with all of the notes from today’s workshop. That way you can
just enjoy your lunch and not have to worry about taking notes. And then in addition to
that, we’re also going to be sharing with you a lot of resources that we covered today, and
we’ll be sending those to you absolutely free. Cool? Alright! So, let’s get started.
When the introduction is done correctly, it takes so much pressure off of the new patient acquisition
offer! When they accept the invitation, they become new patients (NPA on the Funnel Map above
stands for “New Patient Acquisition”).
Beyond the actual workshop delivery itself, I will also now continue with an ongoing, value-based follow
up (shown on the Funnel Map as “Re-Invite #1-Re-Invite #3”). The way I do this is quite easy. Once the
workshop is done, I then provide an automated series of emails that take them to additional pages
we’ve created in ClickFunnels that will deliver the notes and free resources that I promised I’d send
them. With each of these communications I yet again provide real value as well as another opportunity
to “re-invite” them into my clinic.
Now that I have my workshop created, it’s time to get in front of a group and present it. Some of you
might be thinking “Okay, so how do we do that?!” Good question. I realized that if the key to more
high quality new patients was in doing more consistent workshops, then the key to more consistent
workshops was a predictable system for setting them up. I developed both online and offline strategies
for setting up the workshops themselves. Specifically, I have 3 different approaches or offers, both
online and offline, as seen on the Reboot Funnel Workshop Map where it says “Offer x 3”.
My next step once I’ve created my workshop is to then build a simple landing page in Clickfunnels for
my workshop like the one shown below.
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 54

--- PAGE 55 ---
Once my page has been created, I’m going to need to drive traffic to it to begin setting up workshops.
Now, I’m going to assume here that, in this scenario, I don’t have any extra money at the moment to
spend on ads to drive traffic to this funnel yet, so I’ll start with some quick wins first.
You might be saying“Okay, but what do I do when people sign up for a workshop?” Don’t overcomplicate
it. Stay organized. Follow up. Get through to the proper decision maker. Sell the value of the workshop,
and get it scheduled. It’s that simple.
Low-Hanging Fruit
First, I will begin driving traffic to this page by leveraging my existing relationships. I will use social media
(not paid traffic, organic first), email, postcards and flyers in my office and face-to-face communication
to begin setting up my first series of workshops. I should be able to easily setup at least 3 within the
first 2 weeks.
If I average 2 new patients per workshop that I do, I now have 6 new patients! Not bad, only 94 to go!
Weeks 3 and 4: Driving More Traffic To My Workshop Funnel
Now that I have a couple workshops under my belt, it’s time to see if I can build some momentum by
scheduling even more workshops. If I’m really looking to “sprint” and get as many new patients as
possible, as quickly as possible, then I think it’s a good goal, and very realistic, to set up an average of
3 workshops per week. This means that if I’m sticking with the low average of only 2 new patients per
workshop, that I’m now going to start averaging 6 new patients per week from this funnel alone. That
means that, assuming this funnel only produced 6 new patients per week, then I’d have around 84 new
patients by the end of 14 weeks! Again, not bad at all, especially considering that this is all coming from
just one funnel. I guess that old saying “You’re just one funnel away” is true after all. But, the good news
is that I’m just getting started!
Now I’m going to add in both the “Lead Box Method” and the “Welcome Guest Approach” to set up
some more workshops. These two are the logical next steps as they are again very low to no cost. First,
The Lead Box Method:
The Lead Box Method
I will purchase a couple lead boxes and start talking to local restaurants. Usually I try and start with
locally-owned, popular lunch destinations. The approach to the restaurant is really simple. If they’ll
allow me to put up a lead box offering a chance for people to “Win a FREE Lunch” for them and their
co-workers or employees from the restaurant, then I’ll pay for the catered free lunch. This is a true win/
win. They get more catering, and I get more lunch workshops! BOOM! I’m shooting for around 2 to 3
lead boxes at first. This should easily result in at least 10 quality workshop leads per week per location,
ultimately giving me greater odds of averaging at least 3 workshops per week.
The Welcome Guest Approach
What’s the difference between an “Annoying Pest” and a “Welcome Guest”? At this point, the answer
should be dead obvious: VALUE! This is a super-simple, bootstrap approach to getting more workshops
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 55

--- PAGE 56 ---
setup. I’ll simply set a goal of weekly business contacts each week. I like to wire this at a 90% failure
rate. Not only is this more than realistic, but it allows me to reverse engineer the math for success. I
try to treat each individual traffic source for the lunch workshop funnel as though it’s the only one I
am relying on. If I approach it this way, I know I’m virtually guaranteed to hit the goals I am setting.
So assuming a 90% failure rate, if I am wanting to average 3 workshops per week, then how many
contacts do I need to make each week? I need 30. If I can average 30 community/business contacts
per week, then I know I can safely assume I’ll wind up with at least 3 lunch workshops (again, assuming
this is the ONLY traffic source I am using). If I need to hit 30 contacts per week, then I only need to
make 6 contacts per day if I am making contacts 5 days per week! EASY!
Weeks 5 and 6: Driving Paid Traffic To My Workshop Funnel And Growing My Audience
At this point, the math and the process might seem a bit overly simplistic, and I’ll be the first to say
that that’s true. I do this not because it’s not realistic, but because it’s honestly the easiest way to help
you get a clear picture of how this all works. If you knew me, I always try to wire things as absolutely
realistically as possible and try to factor in real-life (the worst case scenario).
Now it’s time to begin looking into paid traffic sources for my funnel. You may be wondering why it is
necessary to add in paid traffic on top of all these other traffic strategies, especially if the others are
free. The answer is simple. First, diversity of traffic creates stability. If we have a variety of workshop
setup systems in place, we aren’t nearly as negatively impacted if one traffic source begins to be less
effective or stops working all together. Adding paid traffic into the mix is a good way to create more
stability. Second, paid traffic is an effective way to scale faster. Paid traffic may include Facebook ads
and/or other social media ads. It might include Google Pay-Per-Click or other various online paid
platforms. But before we even get into that, we need to understand something fundamental to paid
traffic. One of the most common questions that chiropractors will ask me when they first consider paid
traffic is “How much should I spend on ads?” We can’t even begin to arrive at an accurate answer to
this question without first understanding what a new patient is worth.
Paid Traffic Cost Estimating 101
Knowing how much a patient is worth to you is the key to understanding how much you can spend on
paid traffic. We can arrive at your case value (how much each new patient is worth) by simply dividing
your monthly (or better yet, yearly) collections by your total number of new patients. For instance, if
you collected $20,000 for the month and you saw 20 new patients that month, then your average case
value would be $1,000. Or we’ll say divide $240,000 in annual collections by 240 annual new patients
for a case value of $1,000. Ideally the more time you can look at the more accurate your average will
be. Make sense? So now that you know that your average case value is $1,000 you can now begin to
make smarter, calculated decisions on how much you can and should spend to acquire a new patient.
Now, that being said, I would make sure to start small and not simply throw a bunch of money into paid
traffic sources right out the gate just because you know what a new patient is worth to you. You want to
start small, and scale from there.
I would begin with a safe bet of around $500 or so on Facebook, Instagram or LinkedIn ads to drive
traffic to my lunch workshop funnel. The interesting thing, though, is that I can start asking an even
deeper question later down the road: “what’s a lunch workshop worth to me?” In reality I’m not actually
driving patients to a “new patient” funnel just yet. I’m driving traffic to a lunch workshop funnel. So, to
calculate what a lunch workshop is worth, I multiply my average new patient value by the number of
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 56

--- PAGE 57 ---
new patients I average per workshop. If I average 2 new patients per workshop, then a workshop is in
theory worth at least $2,000.
Growing My Audience
Meanwhile, now that I am at around weeks 5 and 6 of this process, something else has been occurring
somewhat behind the scenes that is pretty exciting. Whether I realize it or not, I’ve been growing an
audience! At each workshop that I do, I’m collecting emails which will then be put into a funnel follow-
up email sequence. Beyond that, what else? This is where they get put into some type of an “Ongoing
Communication System” (see The Reboot Funnel MAP where it says “OCS”). The OCS is simply a way
to continue an authentic, value-based conversation with my audience. I could use a “Soap Opera”
sequence like Russell teaches in his book DotComSecrets, or I could model some of the “Seinfeld
emails” in that same book. Ultimately, I want to treat my audience like they’re, well….people! One of
the most natural byproducts of establishing an OCS is that I will see over time an increase in passive
new patients coming to my clinic from prior workshops (see the Reboot Funnel Map where it says
“Increased % of passive NPs”). Imagine for a minute that average group I’m providing my workshop
for is an audience of 10. I can safely assume around 30 new contacts put into my OCS per week. That
means at this point I already have an audience of 180 people! If I can continue a sincere, authentic
conversation with my audience, I’ll have much greater success with any and all future funnels I create.
Trust me, there are plenty more funnels to create and use!
PHASE #2: THE SURGE PHASE
The objective of The Surge Phase is to dramatically boost my growth by capitalizing on my new greatest
asset: My Audience!
Weeks 7 through 12: Continue Running My Workshop Funnel And
Adding In “The Epic Event Funnel”
Okay, so this is where things start to get really fun! At this point, assuming a bare minimum of a $1,000
case average, and an average of 6 new patients per week, that should mean that I’m somewhere in the
ballpark of $48,000 gross collections so far (6 patients per week x 8 weeks = $48,000). Now, I
understand that if I’m billing insurance and having to collect on the money that not all of that will
actually be in your bank, but for our purposes here, I’m just going to keep it simple, cool?
I should now have the ability to invest some money into what I refer to as “An Epic Event”. The secret
to an epic event is getting a large enough group of people to the event to make it, well, epic! It makes
no sense investing any money into advertising your event, renting a venue for your event, and all the
other stuff that goes into it without getting a ton of people there. That would be a huge waste. I typically
spend around $2,000-$3,000 on an Epic Event. That might seem like a lot of money, but I average
around 20-30 new patients per event! Tell me, would you spend $2,000-$3,000 to make $20,000-
$30,000? I’m basically going to show you a way to 10x your investment, fair enough?
Now, I DO NOT want to simply throw an event together last minute. Don’t make the mistake of rushing
an event. I always recommend that you give it at least 6 to 8 weeks, which is perfect timing here
because that puts me right near week 14 (the 100 day mark). What greater way to celebrate the “100
new patients in 100 days” goal by having a totally EPIC Event?
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 57

--- PAGE 58 ---
What’s funny about this funnel is that Russell was there at my very first Epic Event. My team and I held
it at a movie theater. We provided a free showing of one of the newer Star Wars movies to our patients
and friends in the community (our audience), and we PACKED the theater. I think even Russell was
blown away by it all. He was especially excited when he saw a flood of people lining up to sign up to
become new patients at the end of the movie. At the end of it all he came up to me and asked, “How’d
you do that man?” That was one of the coolest moments of my entire practice journey. I got to show
him the process we created, or the funnel, that had just generated 24 new patients!
Here’s the layout of the landing page we used to market our Epic Event to patients and friends in the
community. Watch Star Wars in the movie theater for FREE? Talk about an irresistible offer! No wonder
we were able to pack the movie theater.
Here is the breakdown of the Epic Event funnel, or the Epic Event funnel Map:
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 58

--- PAGE 59 ---
At the top, it starts with a series of invites (Invites #1-Invite #3). This should seem pretty straight
forward. I’m going to send out email invitations to my new audience. The emails will take them to the
“Event Announcement page” where they’ll RSVP for the event by clicking on the button and filling out
a simple form (name, email, phone number, how many guests?).
From there, most might think that we simply wait for them to now show up to the movie, right? WRONG!
No way. That is a recipe for not getting half as many RSVPs and even worse, a ton of no-shows!
In order to explain the purpose behind the Intensification Sequence emails (I.S. #1-I.S. #3), we first
need to understand something really basic. What is your greatest competition in business? It’s not who
(or what) you may think. It’s not the other chiropractor down the road. It’s not the medical doctor. It’s
not even the drug companies! Your greatest competition is all of the various things competing for your
audience’s time, attention and energy. Think about that for a minute! Which is easier, for them to show
up to an event, or to stay home and watch TV? Even more common is the fact that you’re competing
with family schedules that consist of soccer practices, ballet recitals, church activities, dentist
appointments, etc. The point is that you have to get your event from the mental space and place of
“maybe we’ll go to that” to “we’ve got to get to that event!” The only way that that will ever happen, is if
you actively compete for their time, attention and energy AND give them multiple compelling reasons
to show up.
So how do I do that? Enter the Intensification Sequence Emails. These are designed to help create a
greater sense of urgency and excitement leading up to the event. I’ll slightly reveal or elude to some
surprises that will happen at the event. I’ll provide little incentives for the first 20 or 50 people to show
up. Simple things like that are designed to create a far greater level of interest and engagement with
the event. Does it work? The pictures below are from a few of our Epic Events. They don’t really do them
justice, but it’s powerful proof that it works. We average around 200-500 people showing up to our
events! Can you imagine an audience of 200-500 people at one of your events?
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 59

--- PAGE 60 ---
Now that I have attendees at my event, what do I do? How does getting hundreds of people to show up
translate into new patients in my practice? Again, it doesn’t have to be complicated. In fact, it’s quite
simple. I use a process I refer to as G & O, or “Glue & Offer”. This means I want to “glue” butts in seats
or at least give myself a sufficient window of time to capture the attention of the entire audience long
enough to extend a limited-time new patient offer to them. What I’ve found works best and provides
even more value for them is to hold a raffle drawing at the end of the event. You don’t have to spend
thousands on raffle prizes. In fact I get much, if not most, of the cost of our raffle subsidized by donations
from other local business owners, or what is referred to in the online world as “JV partners” or “Joint
Venture Partners”. During the raffle, I will explain the new patient offer, and I’ll let them know that this
special offer is good for that day only, creating yet again more urgency and scarcity to get them to take
action right then and there. If I am averaging around 20-30 new patients per event that I do, I will sign
up 20 new patients even on the low side (remember NPA on the funnel map stands for “New Patient
Acquisition”). I will hit my goal of 100 new patients in 100 days!
Remember, I am already averaging 6 new patients per week from the Workshop Funnel (2 new patients
per workshop x 3 workshops per week = 6 new patients per week). That put us at a total of 84 new
patients. 84 + 20 = 104! Actually, I beat it!
Again, the funnel doesn’t simply end there. There’s always a large group of people who weren’t able to
make it that I should extend my offer to. This is why I add in the “Offer Extension Sequence” (O.E. #1-
O.E. #3). This is a simple series of emails that show some of the fun highlights of the event and provide
a recap both for those who attended and those who didn’t. It provides an authentic way to extend out
the offer a bit longer to those who were unable to attend or were unable to take advantage of the offer
at the event for whatever reason. This simple step ensures that we are maximizing our results from this
funnel.
PHASE #3: THE MARATHON PHASE
The objective of The Marathon Phase is to begin the shift away from simply “getting lots of new patients
right now” to creating greater stability through establishing superior positioning in my community for
my areas of expertise.
Weeks 7 through 14: Building My “Portfolio of Proof”
“Woah there, Chad! Wait a second. Didn’t we already cover weeks 7-12?”
Yes, but we need to back up just a second and cover some other really important stuff that needs to
take place during this time as well. There’s a little overlap here. Jump in a time machine with me really
quickly, and let’s go back to week 7, okay?
If you’ve followed Russell for any period of time, one thing you should have seen that he did very
soon after ClickFunnels launched is that he immediately began gathering and creating compelling,
powerful success stories or “case studies”. Remember his story about Drew Canole with Organify or
Garrett White with the Warrior movement? Who can forget the energetic, always happy Liz Benny with
her social media company and her trademarked “KAPOW!” that she’s so well known for? What are
all of these? Social proof. Again, taking a lesson out of the book Influence by Robert Cialdini, social
proof is one of the very most effective forms of influence we can ever use. The problem is that most
chiropractors use it totally ineffectively, or worse yet, ignore it entirely. But not you. You’re going to
capitalize on the power of social proof right out of the gate. This is exactly what I began doing once I
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 60

--- PAGE 61 ---
shifted from “survival mode” to “thrive mode”.
What I’m going to do starting week 7 and onward is capture (on video) at least 1 compelling success
story from the patients I’ve been able to help so far. It shouldn’t be too difficult to find a good case
study out of an approximate 42 new patients.
Now before we get into the logistics of this, I feel it’s worth showing the marketing psychology of why
utilizing social proof as the means to boost your positioning is such a powerful tool.
If you can achieve superior positioning in your community (i.e. become known as the go-to chiropractor
for , this could be anything, sports chiropractic, pediatrics, nutrition, functional medicine,
regenerative medicine, etc.), everything else falls into place. Look at what happens as a natural
consequence of superior positioning:
“THE POSITION ASCENSION LOOP”
1. Increased Positioning Leads to Increased Perception
Perception is reality. At the end of the day, the chiropractor who is “perceived” as the best will benefit
more than the chiropractor who may actually in reality be the best. I’m not saying you shouldn’t work
to become the best. I’m simply saying that perception is essential!
2. Increased Perception Leads To Enhanced Expectation
When peoples’ expectations are enhanced, you are able to break away from feeling like you always
have to compete on price. Why? Because their expectations are now different. They don’t expect you
to be just like every other chiropractor.
3. Enhanced Expectation Leads To Increased Anticipation
The science behind anticipation is so cool. I could totally geek out on it BIG TIME, but I’ll spare you the
techno babble. To put it simply, increased anticipation floods the brain with powerful chemicals that
cause an attraction, or a pull, towards the thing they are anticipating. I first learned about this in a really
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 61

--- PAGE 62 ---
cool book called, Suggestible You, where they discuss the deep science behind all this and a lot of other
cool stuff. The bottom line is, increasing anticipation is powerful!
4. Increased Anticipation Creates Superior Outcomes
Again, from that same book, we learn that there is real science showing that if a persons’ anticipation
increases, so does the likelihood of a superior outcome from their experience. Call it the placebo effect.
Call it whatever you like. At the end of the day, I simply call it a way to get better results.
5. Superior Outcomes Leads To Strengthened Reputation
One of the most fundamental consequences of achieving superior results for the people you serve is
that your reputation will be strengthened. If you’ve read the book, The Thank You Economy by Gary
Vaynerchuk, you know the importance of your reputation online these days.
6. Strengthened Reputation Reinforces Superior Positioning
The power of strengthening your reputation is that it feeds right back into the end result we are after,
and that is superior positioning.
What’s powerful about this is that it’s the key from shifting away from that new patient roller coaster
to a far more sustainable form of growth for your practice. There’s an almost “snowball-like” effect that
takes place when you begin to achieve superior positioning.
Back to capturing success stories. Let’s assume I went full steam ahead and did my Epic Event at a
movie theater somewhere between week 12 to 14. This means that by that time I should have captured
around 6 to 8 success stories. Wouldn’t it be far more effective for my movie event if instead of playing
nothing on the big screen as people are filing into their seats, they played my success stories that I
captured on video? That is exactly what I do.
I don’t use a bunch of fancy equipment. All I need is a smartphone and a good background. First, I
interview my clients. I get them to tell me their story in the most raw, real and vulnerable way possible.
I want to make it as natural-feeling as possible. Once I’ve finished the interview, I get some additional
footage of them doing something they love doing. Maybe it’s skateboarding. Maybe it’s a walk through
a park. Maybe it’s just some footage of them in my clinic. Once I’ve got both the interview and the
footage of them doing their “thing,” whatever that might be, I’ll throw the footage into a simple video
editing software like iMovie and splice it together. I keep the editing simple, cutting out the parts where
I’m asking the actual questions. That way, it’s just a series of answers from the person. To keep it from
looking like just a bunch of clips cut and pasted together, I’ll overlay the additional footage (known in
the industry as “B-Roll” footage) on top of the cuts. It will look like a mix of the interview with occasional
clips of them walking, biking, hiking, fishing, etc. Last but not least, I’ll throw in some emotional music.
I purchase royalty-free music for relatively small costs from AudioJungle.com. And…voila! I’ve got an
engaging, emotional story that I can use to showcase my business! Ultimately, what I want to create is
what I refer to as a “lifestyle piece.” What this means to me is that I have created a powerful story that
many people will be able to relate to. Relatability = belief. Belief = new patients.
My mission at this point (from week 7 into infinity) is to create more success story videos. I want to
average at least 1 per week. Can you imagine what your practice would be like if you did this for an
entire year? Can you imagine how powerful it would be to have nearly 50 case studies showing how
great your clinic is?
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 62

--- PAGE 63 ---
With a wide range of case studies, I’ll then be able to have the flexibility to market to whatever niche(s)
I choose. This is why the Proof Funnel Map is a lot more simple. It’s meant to be flexible.
I use a wide range of traffic sources and drive them to what I call“Proof Pages”. These are simply wherever
I choose to showcase my success stories or case studies. Again, I use the Ongoing Communication
System (OCS) as a way to grow my audience, both patients and non-patients alike. This further helps
provide stability through improving patient retention and re-activation.
The purpose of the marathon phase isn’t to rapidly bring in more new patients. Hopefully I’ve made
it clear that the purpose of this phase is to start creating stability. You create stability when you
establish superior positioning. Again, using ClickFunnels as an example, this is EXACTLY what they
did. The minute they started gaining some traction with their software, they immediately went to work
capturing these incredible success stories. This allowed them to establish themselves as the premier
funnel building software.
Your goal in business is not to“compete”, and it’s not even to“dominate.” No, you want to go even further.
You do this by establishing superior positioning and making your competition completely irrelevant!
That should be your ultimate goal: make every other option completely and utterly irrelevant. Guess
what’s going to get you there? That’s right, a solid funnel strategy.
CONCLUSION
If this chapter did nothing else for you, hopefully it shows you the power of what you can accomplish
in 100 days. Seriously, I wish I had this type of strategy and direction in place when I first started into
my practice. I was just trying to spin my wheels however and wherever I could to try and make things
happen. I had no real plan, so to speak, but here you now have in front of you a very real, tactical plan at
your fingertips that you can use to get at least 100 new patients (or customers) in 100 days. I know this
has been primarily focused around chiropractors, but hopefully you see that these same strategies
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 63

--- PAGE 64 ---
could just as easily be applied to dentists, orthodontists, lawyers, accountants, physical therapists,
and just about any service-based business.
Phase 1: The Sprint Phase
In this phase, I established a predictable workshop funnel that was averaging at least 6 new patients per
week (2 new patients per workshop x 3 workshops per week). This was the backbone (no pun intended
chiropractors ;) of my marketing funnel strategy. By the end of 14 weeks, I should have totaled 84 new
patients! More importantly, what this also should have done is established a solid, predictable way to
generate an average of a baseline of 24 new patients per month. Not bad!
Phase 2: The Surge Phase
Here I ran an Epic Event funnel and had around 200-300 people show up, signing up 20 new patients as
a result. This brought me to my 100 new patients goal, woohoo! Again, the power here isn’t just in
what was achieved at that point, but also the fact that I’m now able to rinse and repeat. I’ll continue
running the Epic Funnel every quarter or so to bring in a predictable surge of new activity into my
practice to help strengthen my growth.
Phase 3: The Marathon Phase
Last but not least, I established superior positioning in my community. The key to making this happen
is capturing and creating a portfolio of success stories or case studies and then using the Proof Funnel
long-term to help drive in niche specific patients into my practice.
Now go make it happen for yourself! Seriously, if there is nothing else that I have learned from Russell
and other successful entrepreneurs, it is this: Action and implementation are the real secret. Ideas are
great, but unless there is sufficient action taken to bring those ideas to life, they are distractions. I hope
that doesn’t sound too harsh. I just want you to succeed. I know firsthand the pain and bitterness
associated with the struggle of business, and I feel a personal sense of mission and purpose to help
other entrepreneurs (chiropractors especially) serve more people and have a greater impact on their
communities. I know it might sound a bit cliche, but I sincerely believe that we have all been blessed
with a specific set of skills and gifts that were intended to reach and serve a very specific group of
people in the world. What a shame it would be if we didn’t do everything within our power to reach
those people so that we were allowed to serve them at the highest level possible.
Lastly, just remember this: making money and serving others are not mutually exclusive ideas. On the
contrary, money can be and must be a direct reflection of the value we create in the world!
DR. CHAD W OOLNER | 64

--- PAGE 65 ---
David Frey
Chief Marketer of FitHealthy
David Frey lives in Houston, Texas, with Ingrid, his wife of 29 years.
He has two amazing, awesome, wonderful children whom he adopted
at birth. David is currently the Chief Marketer at FitHealthy.com and
the author of the Small Business Marketing Bible and the Instant
Referral Systems program. David was one of the leading small
business referral marketing consultants in the U.S. from 2001-2011.
In 2013 David received a kidney transplant, which started his own
health journey. In 2018 David started FitHealthy.com and developed
the “Willpower Secret Sustainable Habits Program” for people who’ve
successfully lost weight, but continually gain it back.
FitHealthy.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 65

--- PAGE 66 ---
How To Create A “Local Celebrity Social
Media Referral Machine” Using Facebook
When I started my local marketing business, before social media was invented, I would go to local
networking meetings to meet people and make connections. I hoped that we could strike up a
relationship and that person would send me referrals.
Usually the sponsor of the networking event would bring in an educational speaker to provide value
to the event. The speaker was usually another local business owner who was promoting their local
business through public speaking.
As I sat through these meetings, I noticed that the most popular and most respected people in the
room were (1) the promoter of the event and (2) the speaker at the event. At the end of the meeting, I
noticed that many of the attendees of the event would circle around the speaker to ask more questions
or just meet the person.
When I saw this, I asked myself, “Why can’t I be the speaker that gets invited to speak at these events?”
Instead of meeting people one-on-one, I could meet the entire group of people in a way that would
position me as a trusted local expert. From that point on, I vowed that I would never attend another
local event unless I was the speaker. Quickly I became a popular speaker on the local speaking circuit.
I spoke at breakfast meetings, local association meetings, business office lunch-and-learns and large
networking meetings. Business started booming.
My next step was to hold my own local speaking events. I’d rent a room at the local Small Business
Development Center (SBDC) and use their logo to promote my events. People flooded into my events,
in part, because they thought it was sponsored by the local SBDC. Business went wild! (NOTE: Please
ensure that business is okay with you using their logo first.)
Why am I telling you all this? Today, Facebook gives you the power to do what I was doing back in the
day without even leaving your home! You can become a local business rockstar just using organic (no
paid ads) Facebook! You can meet local people, interact with them, do webinars, do Facebook lives,
have private message conversations and develop real relationships with people all from the comfort of
your own home office.
Statistics say that around 7 out of 9 U.S. adults are on Facebook. Depending on where you live, that
means that 7 out of 9 adults who live in your local city are on Facebook. That’s a lot of local potential
customers, patients or clients that are on Facebook right in your local city.
In this chapter, I’m not going to show you how to use Facebook ads. I’m not going to show you how to
use ClickFunnels landing pages. There are other resources that can do that. I’m going to explain how
to create a large community of local followers who live in your city that know, like and trust you and will
refer you to their local friends and family members using Facebook.
If I was starting from scratch in a local city and I offered a service, could be any service, this is what I
would do step-by-step.
D AVID FRE Y | 66

--- PAGE 67 ---
STEP 1: CREATE A NEW FACEBOOK ACCOUNT JUST FOR
LOCAL FRIENDS*
DISCLAIMER: Look into Facebook’s Terms of Service to see if they allow this before trying this.
First, I would create a new personal Facebook profile just for my local friends, prospects or potential
referral sources. This is the profile I’m going to use to make a local splash. Here are some advantages
of using a brand new local Facebook profile:
• I have the potential of friending and accepting friend requests from 5,000 local people.
• I have a much greater reach on my own profile.
• I can gently promote my business without any of my followers complaining.
• Likes and comments will allow my posts to be seen by friends of friends (more viral).
• People know there is a real person behind a personal profile, so there’s more trust.
Why not use my existing Facebook account?
I can if I want, especially if I am already connected to a lot of local people and don’t mind using that
account for my own personal business uses, but my long term goal would be to use all 5,000 of those
friend allocations that Facebook gives me for local people rather than relatives and past friends that
live in different cities.
Why not use a business Facebook page?
I’m not going to use a Facebook page when trying to build my business organically through Facebook
because my Facebook page gets very little reach. When I post something, it’ll only be seen by a small
percentage of people. Plus, I’ll get a much better response when I promote my business through my
personal profile if I do it the way that is explained in this chapter.
Why not use a Facebook group?
I won’t use a Facebook group because I want to cast a wide net and reach prospects that have never
heard of my business and/or have not yet become customers. If I create a general local Facebook group,
my local friends would expect me not to promote my own business in the group. Let me explain: if I start
a local city group that was open to everyone called, “Friendswood Moms and Dads” or “Friendswood
Friends,” the people in my group would expect me not to advertise or promote my own business in the
group (unless they could also). If everyone was promoting their own businesses, no one would want to
remain a member of that group.
If I start a company group called, let’s say, “Friendswood Frey Chiropractic”, very few would want to join
that group, especially people who have never heard of me. Remember, my objective is to cast a wide
net and generate new leads.
HOW TO CREATE A LEAD GENERATING PERSONAL PROFILE
When I start becoming more visible to people, they are naturally going to visit my profile page to find out
who I am and get to know more about me. The highest traffic page on a typical website is the “About”
page. People are curious about people. They want to know details about my personal life. Most, if not
all, of my Facebook friends (especially potential friends) will peruse my personal profile.
D AVID FRE Y | 67

--- PAGE 68 ---
Create a Lead Generation Offer(s)
The first thing I need to do is to create something that I can give away for free that my target market
will want. This could be an eReport, eBook, audio MP3, a video or something else that would require
someone to either give me their email address or private message me through Facebook Messenger
(using ManyChat software or something like it).
The next thing I need to do is create a way for people to get access to it. This is where ClickFunnels
comes in. With ClickFunnels, I can set up any type of landing page I want to capture leads. There are
many different landing page templates from which to choose; ClickFunnels gives you many ‘out of the
box’.
The final thing is to purchase a domain or URL from a service like Godaddy.com or NameCheap.com.
This is important. I will make sure the word “free” and my city’s name is in the URL. Doing that will
dramatically increase the amount of leads I will generate. I’ve tested this with many small business
professionals. Here are some ideas using my city’s name for URLs for different professionals:
(Disclaimer: Domain ownership and content may have changed since the time this chapter was
published! These are just sample domain names. Endorsement is not implied.)
Real Estate Agent
• FreeFriendswoodHomeValuation.com
• FreeFriendswoodHomeFixUpChecklist.com
• FreeFriendswoodHomeSellingSecrets.com
• FreeFriendswoodHomeFixUpRolodex.com
• LowerYourFriendswoodPropertyTax.com
Plumber
• FreeFriendswoodDrainUncloggingSecrets.com
• FreeFriendswoodToiletFloodingTips.com
• FriendswoodWaterHeaterDiscount.com
Restaurant
• FreeFriendswoodLunch.com
• FreeFriendswoodDinner.com
• FreeFriendswoodDessert.com
• FriendswoodRomanticDinnerHotelGiveaway.com
• FreeFriendswoodDinnerMovieGiveaway.com
• FreeFriendswoodMothersDayDinner.com (Valentines, Fathers Day)
D AVID FRE Y | 68

--- PAGE 69 ---
Create a Lead Generating Facebook Personal Profile Banner
My profile banner is the first thing people will see when they click in to see who I am. On my profile
banner, I’m going to place a professional photo of myself and an irresistible offer that will entice my
perfect prospect to request it from me. Below is an example I created for a local realtor. Notice that I:
• Highlighted the name of my local city,
• Presented an irresistible offer that just about any local person would take me up on, whether
they’re selling their home or not, and
• Choose a URL to go to that has the word “free” and the city name on it.
The solid color background really makes a viewer focus on the offer. Notice that I have the woman in
the banner pointing to the offer as well. This is a perfect, local lead generating personal profile banner.
Write a Compelling, Lead Generating “Details About You” Section
The most important section on my Facebook profile behind my banner is the“Details About You” section.
This is the area where I can write anything I want. I want to make this area interesting, captivating and
lead generating. I like to use humor, so here’s a great “Details About You” section I wrote up:
(continued)
D AVID FRE Y | 69

--- PAGE 70 ---
Don’t Forget the Website Section
There’s also a “website” section where I can list all my lead generating ClickFunnels landing pages /
funnels. With ClickFunnels, I can create multiple funnels or landing pages on one ClickFunnels account,
and I can buy multiple URLs that attach to each landing page or funnel. Here’s an example of a website
section on a Facebook profile that has several ClickFunnels landing pages / funnels with their own URLs
that have the ability to generate a lead.
That’s all it takes to set up a lead generating Facebook profile. If I become friends with a lot of local
people and create some great content, which I’ll talk about in just a moment, I’ll generate a lot of leads
right through my profile.
D AVID FRE Y | 70

--- PAGE 71 ---
STEP 2: START FRIENDING ALL OF MY EXISTING LOCAL FRIENDS
Next, I will make a list of all the local people I know or that I have met: teachers, dentists, doctors,
chiropractors, neighbors, mail persons, church members, PTA members, and more. These will be the
first people I will send friend requests to.
When I’m friending people, I’ll be careful not to friend more than 20 people a day. Often Facebook sees
it as spamming when a user tries to friend too many people in the same day.
In this step, I will also send friend requests to my previous customers, including newer customers.
These will become some of my best referral sources on Facebook.
STEP 3: FRIEND MY LOCAL DREAM 100
When doing local networking on Facebook, I want to find out who the 100 biggest local influencers are
that participate on Facebook. My first duty is to create an online relationship with those 100 people.
To do that, I will start by making a list of all the business categories that are good referral sources for
me. For instance, if were a carpet cleaner, good referral sources might be:
• realtors
• carpet retailers
• beauty salon employees
• home cleaning companies
• receptionists in realtors and insurance offices
• chemical/equipment supply shops
• interior designers
• contractors
• home stagers
• home restoration business
• chamber of commerce members
• title companies
Now that I have the categories of companies that are good referral sources for me, I will start finding
out who the owners are or who the employees are. Usually, the local Chamber of Commerce has a
listing of local businesses and their owners.
HOW TO PROPERLY DO A FACEBOOK FRIEND REQUEST
1. Now that I have lists of all the people I want to start friend requesting, I will find them on
Facebook and make sure they are active. I’ll go to their profiles and see if they are posting
things on Facebook. If they aren’t, I’ll scratch them off my list. I only want to friend request
people I’ll be able to interact with on Facebook.
D AVID FRE Y | 71

--- PAGE 72 ---
2. Next, I’ll go to a few of their posts and add a comment. I can add an insight, congratulate them
or share a positive thought with them. I’ll do that for a couple of days before I send a friend
request. I want to warm them up by helping them to see me before I send a friend request. I’ll
keep my friend requests organized by keeping a list of people that I want to interact with that
day. I can even split my screen on my computer, keeping my spreadsheet open on one half of
the screen and Facebook open on the other.
3. After a few interactions with that person, I’ll then send them a friend request. I’ll be sure to
send a brief private message with my friend request just letting them know that I’ve just
started a local business and am trying to get to know some local people. I’ll always be honest
with people; they’ll respect me for that. The chances of them approving my friend request will
increase.
WHAT TO DO IN THE FIRST 30 DAYS AFTER FRIENDING A NEW PERSON
Many times I will accept a friend request from someone else, but then they never interact with me. It
makes one wonder why they even sent the friend request in the first place. Whenever I send a friend
request to someone, I start interacting with them every day for the first 30 days or so. This allows them
to get to see me and know me as well as recognize my name and profile picture.
Again, I will have a list of people and track my daily comments on their posts or replies to their comments
on someone else’s posts, making sure that every one of my interactions are positive. No politics. No
religion. Just positive comments.
Here is an example of what a simple tracking spreadsheet might look like:
PERSON Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 FRIEND Day 5 Day 6 Day 7 Day 8
Jane Smith X X X X X X
John Smith X X X X X X
Joe Smithers X X X X X X
Jack Smithington X X X X X X
Jaime Smithson X X
Jon Smythe X X
Lest you think this is a tedious task, just remember how people used to do it in the old days, and still
do it today. They’d have to spend half their day going to a local networking event to meet maybe two or
three people. On Facebook, you can meet 15-20 and even a lot more per day. That’s a pretty efficient
use of your time. Take your Facebook networking seriously!
D AVID FRE Y | 72

--- PAGE 73 ---
STEP 4: JOIN LOCAL FACEBOOK GROUPS
This is the step where I can really ramp up my efforts because there’s lots of local Facebook groups
that have hundreds and even thousands of local people interacting with each other. I can find hundreds
and even thousands of local citizens that can become part of my Facebook network.
To do this, I just type in the name of my city into Facebook and click on “groups.” Facebook will show a
lot of the biggest local facebook groups in the search results. I’ll look for the most active people in the
groups. I’ll check out their profiles and see if they’re active on Facebook in general and whether they
have a lot of friends. I will look to see if they’re members of a local church or if they have a full time job.
These are the type of people who interact with others a lot and can refer you to a lot of people.
STEP 5: START CREATING A COMMUNITY OF LOCAL FRIENDS
AND FOLLOWERS THAT KNOW, LIKE AND TRUST ME
Now it’s time to start ramping up my efforts to create a warm community of local Facebook friends and
followers that know, like and trust me. The way I do that is two fold.
D AVID FRE Y | 73

--- PAGE 74 ---
1. ENGAGE WITH PEOPLE
Engage with lots of people every day! I keep friending at least 20 people every day and keep a
tracking sheet of who I am friending. I will consistently interact with them, especially in the first
30 days. I need to dedicate and schedule “Facebook Networking” time every day, spending 2-3
hours a day networking online in the beginning. This is the beginning stage of creating a local
community of people that will continue to send me referrals.
2. CREATE ENGAGING CONTENT
Creating really engaging content for my local friends is how I’m going to become slightly
famous in my local city. When I create really good, engaging content, people are going to like
and comment on my posts. When they do, their friends are going to see my posts and like and
comment on them, too.
NOTE: When someone who lives locally and is not yet a Facebook friend likes or makes a positive
comment on my posts, I immediately send them a friend request!
RULES FOR CREATING ENGAGING CONTENT
Here are the four rules I follow when creating engaging content on Facebook:
• NEVER post political or religious stuff.
• NEVER disagree with anyone on my own posts or when I comment on anyone else’s posts.
Always keep it very positive. If I can’t agree with them or add something positive, I will not
comment.
• Keep it local. Post funny, interesting, valuable stuff about my local city.
• Sprinkle in indirect promotional business stuff about every 1 in 10 posts.
20 UNIQUE IDEAS FOR CREATING ENGAGING LOCAL CONTENT
Understanding why it is critical to post
engaging content isn’t difficult, but trying to
come up with ideas about what to post can
be! Here are 20 unique ideas I will use when
brainstorming posts.
1. Local Feel Good Stories
I will comb through the local television
station websites, local newspaper websites
and anywhere else I can find local “feel good”
stories and then share them or recreate a
post about them in my own words with a
photo or video. I’ll add my own opinion
about the story to my post.
D AVID FRE Y | 74

--- PAGE 75 ---
2. Local Youth Sports Achievements
A lot of local folks are fans of local high school sports teams. They like to keep up-to-date on what’s
happening. In my hometown, they go crazy over our local high school’s football team.
3. Local History Photos
I’m a member of a group that’s dedicated just to posting old photos of the city I grew up in. The photos
always capture my attention, and I can quickly tell you the name of the person who posts them. If I
wanted to post the same thing, I would go to my local library or local places of government to see if I
can find sources for old photos of the city I live in. I would need to either scan them or take photos of
them. There are probably books about my local city that have lots of old photos in them, too.
4. Photos of Local Events
I’ll get outside and start attending local events. While I’m there, I’ll take photos and post them on my
profile. I’ll add some funny or positive comments and ask people if they attended.
5. Funny Local Signs
If I ever come across a funny local sign or see
that someone else has posted a photo of a
funny local sign, I’ll share it. Even if it’s not a
sign in my hometown, I can still post it anyway.
These images get a lot of likes and shares.
6. Reviews of Books and Websites about
Your Local City
Undoubtedly there are books about my local city I can read and review. They might be history books,
sightseeing books, local day trip books, novels and even cook books.
7. Local Historical Facts and Stories
In the books I mentioned in #6 I’ll find interesting historical and modern day facts and stories about my
local city. Local people would find this stuff very interesting.
8. Local Store Walkthrough Videos
Not everyone has been in all the stores in my local city. If I’m out and about, I’ll whip out my phone
camera and do a walkthrough video of the store and stuff I find interesting there. If the owner is there
and open to doing a brief 2 minute interview with me, local people would find that interesting.
D AVID FRE Y | 75

--- PAGE 76 ---
9. People of [Insert City Name]
“Humans of New York” is a popular Facebook
page which shares stories and photos of people
of New York. The page has 18 million followers!
The people of my city would go crazy over these
types of posts done, of course, about their own
neighbors. All I’d have to do is start interviewing
local people about interesting parts of their
lives. These posts will get shared like crazy.
10. Local Restaurant Reviews
I will become a “foodie” and start eating out
more. While there, I will take photos of the
restaurant and do a review, trying to make it as
positive as possible. I won’t give the restaurant
a number of stars. I’ll just talk about what I
liked about the restaurant. If I didn’t like the
restaurant, I won’t post a review about it.
Remember, I want to establish a reputation as
a super positive, likeable and trusting person,
so I need to stay away from posting anything
divisive, controversial or negative.
11. “Where Am I?” Photos
People like to try and identify places in their
local city. I could have some fun with that and
take some selfies in different locations, asking
people to tell me where I was when the photo
was taken.
12. Popular Viral Videos
People love funny, strange, shocking and
heartwarming viral videos. I can pick out viral
videos from Dailypicksandflicks.com to share
on my Facebook profile.
13. Local “How Do I” Videos
I will make some simple videos showing people how to do things in my local city. How do I renew my
driver’s license? How do I challenge my property taxes appraisal? How do I vote? How do I rent a pavilion
at a local park? How do I find out about summer activities the city offers? How do I rent a mailbox for a
home business? These are simple videos that will get passed around to other local people.
D AVID FRE Y | 76

--- PAGE 77 ---
14. My Favorite Place Videos
I will shoot simple videos or snap selfie photos
of my favorite places, sharing what I like about
them. I might even include a short interview
with the owners. What’s my favorite local gym,
gas station, hair salon, grocery store, pool, park,
paper copy shop, hardware store, electronics
store, dance studio, coffee shop, tailor shop,
car wash?
16. Who Is My Favorite Professional
Just about everyone has their favorite service
provider or knows a good service provider.
These could be great referral sources for me.
Service providers include such professions as a
dentist, insurance agent, pest control service,
auto repair shop, family doctor, chiropractor,
handyman, lawn care service, carpet cleaner,
financial planner, plumber, and pool care
provider. When I post a positive review for the
service provider, I will make sure they know
about it.
17. Local Police Reports
I will go to my local city’s website and find up-
to-date news about my local city and post it on
my profile with some words of caution. Local
people will appreciate me for it.
18. Fun Local Memes
I will take snapshots of local places, things and
people to create good-hearted or funny
memes. Below is an example of a meme I
created using ToonyTool.com, which was free
and fast.
D AVID FRE Y | 77

--- PAGE 78 ---
19. Local Events
Local folks want to know about events happening in or near their city. To find local events, I will just go
to Google and type in “[name of your local city] + events”. I will get a list of events happening in and near
my local city. I can click on the tab that says “this month”, and I’ll get all the events happening during
the month. I might even find a local “Goat Yoga” event! I will screenshot the event and post it on my
Facebook profile with a few comments.
20. Local City Informational Posts
I will go to my local city’s website and find a ton of different information that would be of interest to
local citizens. I just visited my local city’s website, and there’s over a thousand pieces of information
that would make for a great informational Facebook post that locals would be interested in knowing.
I’ll always use the name of my city in my post titles. Here are some titles I came up with after spending
just a few minutes on my local city’s website:
• How to Get a Friendswood Construction Permit Before You Make Alterations on Your Home
• How to Report a Local Friendswood Code Violation When You See It
• Do You Have a “Junk Vehicle” that Is In Danger of Getting Towed?
• If You Live In Friendswood and Have a Pool, Read This...
• Want to Work for the City of Friendswood? Here’s How...
• Here’s How Your Teenager Can Get a Summer Job Working for the City of Friendswood
• Want to Volunteer for the City of Friendswood? Here’s How...
• Do You Believe Your Friendswood Fair Housing Rights Have Been Violated? Here’s What to Do...
• Want a Friendswood City Representative to Attend Your Homeowner’s Association Meeting?
• Here’s How to Get a Free Ride to the Friendswood Senior Citizen Center
• Are You a Friendswood Senior Citizen Who Wants to Go On a Fun, Short Day Trip?
D AVID FRE Y | 78

--- PAGE 79 ---
10 CREATIVE IDEAS TO CREATE CONTENT THAT PROMOTES
MY LOCAL BUSINESS
Okay, now that I’ve shared a bunch of content ideas about how to become a well-known person in my
local community, it’s now time to create some content posts to promote my business.
The key is that I do not want to post blatant pitches, but I do want to develop some creative, unusual,
funny, persuasive and powerful posts that help me promote my local business.
I want to post these promotional posts sparingly. Perhaps for every 10 relationship building content
posts, I can post one business building promotional post.
One other point: with any of these information business post ideas, I can ask people to think about a
friend that would benefit from this post, and ask them to tag a friend in the comments. That is
a referral, and it’s surprising how many people will actually do just that.
Here are 10 examples of good promotional business building posts I will use:
1. Funny Fiverr Gif Videos
I will go to Fiverr.com and pay $20 to have a local viral video produced. Seriously, people love strange,
unusual and funny videos. For instance, I can send this puppeteer a photo of my local business, and he
can use it as a backdrop in the video.
(https://www.fiverr.com/puppetpals)
I can also have custom rap songs, dance videos, “chatting dog on a laptop” videos, inflatable dinosaur
costume videos, singing videos, and birthday videos made. I can have videos made with people dressed
up like flowerman, an ape, pirate, twins, a witch, and other strange, unusual costumes all promoting my
local business.
You might say to yourself, “I want people to take me seriously, so I’d never create a video like that.” Trust
me, people like people who make them laugh and who don’t take themselves too seriously. These are
the types of videos that get people talking. The real key to these videos is to write a funny, powerful
script. In my videos, I will talk about the benefits of my business but use humor throughout to lighten
the mood.
D AVID FRE Y | 79

--- PAGE 80 ---
2. Customer Stories
People love a good story, and I can tell my
followers what I do through a customer’s
story. When I write out the story, I will use the
“PBR” formula. PBR stands for “problem,
solution, results”. I will explain the problem
that my customer was experiencing which
led them to come to me. I will describe the
solution I used to resolve it. I will share the
positive results they’re now experiencing as
a result of working with me.
3. Facebook Lives
Facebook allowsusersto“golive”(broadcast
live video) using their smartphones with the
Facebook app. With the press of a button,
I can broadcast online in real time. As of
this writing, I’ll get more people watching
my Facebook live videos than reading
regular posts and uploaded videos. In fact,
according to Facebook, live videos get an
average of 6x as many interactions as
regular videos!
Facebook lives are great to use for Q & A’s,
short presentations, demonstrations, sharing
tips, doing interviews, broadcasting an event,
showing off company culture, and more.
4. Time Lapse Customer Videos
I will ask the customer if I can take a time
lapse video of myself performing my service
for them. It could be anything you do from
mowing a lawn to dentistry work. Time lapse
videos are captivating and allow my prospects
to see me or my service “in action.”
5. Before and After Customer Photos
These posts are just like my “Customer Stories” posts, but I will use before and after photos. These
types of customer photos are often seen in weight loss ads, but they can actually be used in a lot of
different things such as: teeth whitening and straightening, home painting, cosmetic surgery, roofing,
landscaping, auto collision repair, home staging, and more. All that is required is that there is some
type of transformation that occurred once my service was performed, and just about every service
creates a transformation.
D AVID FRE Y | 80

--- PAGE 81 ---
If my service or product doesn’t produce
a tangible transformation that is visible to
the naked eye, I can still use the ‘before and
after’ photo concept. For instance, let’s say
I was a chiropractor. If my customer will go
along with it, I can ask if I can take a “sad
face” photo and a “happy face” photo after
their treatment. In a photo editor, I will put
both photos side-by-side and put a brief
description under each photo. Here’s an
example to further illustrate this strategy:
6. Behind-the-Scenes
I will share photos or videos of my
employees doing their work behind-the-
scenes. I will take viewers into my office
and show them what my workspace looks
like. I will show them little secrets about my
business that the average person wouldn’t
know. All businesses have them. I will shoot
a short video of each of my employees
explaining briefly what they do in the
company. I can compile them into a single
video. I have a friend who charged $2,000
per person to have a “behind-the-scenes
office visit” with him and his employees,
and he has a waiting list for that offer! I can
offer that same experience to my audience
for free on Facebook or as a teaser, leaving
them wanting to see more.
7. Question and Answer Videos
People love Q&A videos. In the video, I will
read the question or create a slide for each
of the most common questions and then
record my answers. I will keep my answers
brief and to the point to make the video a
little more fast-paced. Then, I will compile
the question slides and video answers into
one Q&A video. I can also just keep it to one
question per video if I want. It leaves a little
more time to go more in-depth on the
answer and still keep the video to around
3-5 minutes.
D AVID FRE Y | 81

--- PAGE 82 ---
8. Demo Videos
If I have a product that can be demonstrated, I will create a video showing how it works. If I use my
creativity, I can create demo videos for most anything. How about a demo video showing how easy it
is to buy insurance? I will just shoot a short video going through each step and put them all together in
one video. I can do that for about any small business service. Service providers like accountants,
financial planners, marketing consultants, computer repairmen can all do demo videos by just doing
short 15 second videos of each step in the process and combining them together in one video.
Creating demo videos for businesses
that have viewable, tangible results are
even easier. Businesses offering services
such as carpet cleaning, power washing,
landscaping, window washing, tiling
and pool cleaning can all create simple
demo videos showing prospects how the
service is delivered and showing them
before and after results.
9. Giveaway Posts
I talked earlier about having lead magnets
to give away to people to generate leads.
I will also do that with a really simple
giveaway post. I will either send people to
a custom URL as I mentioned before, or
I can use a Facebook marketing software
like Manychat which uses Facebook
messenger to capture leads.
I will make the offer in my post and ask
people to comment with a particular
predetermined word in the comment
section of my post. Manychat will then
send that person a message and add them
to a “Messenger chat list.” I can program
the software to send a message like, “Hi,
thank you for requesting my free report.
Click on the link to download it now.” The
link I will provide is the custom link that
will send the person to my landing page
where they’ll have to give their email
address in exchange for the report. Doing
the giveaway this way, I’ll build my
Messenger chat list and my email list,
which will give me two different ways in
the future to follow up with that person.
To the right you’ll see a perfect example
of a giveaway post.
D AVID FRE Y | 82

--- PAGE 83 ---
10. Tips Posts
People love to learn helpful tips. I will create all kinds of “tips posts” that will add value, build trust and
position myself as a local authority in my niche. Let’s pretend I am a local realtor living in my home town
of Friendswood. Here’s some different types of business-oriented tips posts I could create:
• Friendswood Home Selling Tips
• Friendswood Home Organizational Tips
• Friendswood Home Cleaning Tips
• Friendswood Home Pet Proofing Tips
• Friendswood Home Maintenance Tips
• Friendswood Home Decor Tips
• Friendswood Peaceful Home Tips
• Friendswood Tips for Reducing Dust, Toxins and Chemicals in Your Home
• Friendswood Home Storm-proofing Tips
• Friendswood Home Decluttering Tips
• Friendswood Home Energy Saving Tips
• Friendswood Home Security Tips
• Friendswood Home DIY Improvement Tips
• Friendswood Home Winterizing Tips
• Friendswood Feng Shui Home Tips
• Friendswood Healthy Home Tips
• Friendswood Home Extended Vacation Tips
There are all kinds of tips in my area of expertise that I can share to educate people. People will find
many of them valuable, and it will be one more reason for them to like and trust me. I will take a sheet of
paper and write down as many areas of tips as I can, and then I’ll take the time myself (or hire someone
online) to compile the tips. One post could be a list of tips, or it could be just one tip. For instance, here’s
the title (first line) for a tips post: “Friendswood Home Maintenance Tip #21: Ensuring Your Pipes Don’t
Break In Cold Weather.”
By the way, I used the word “Friendswood” to start off these tips ideas to reiterate again just how
important it is to use the name of my city in the first line of my posts. If I imagine myself scrolling down
the Facebook newsfeed, I know that seeing the name of my local city in the first line of a post is going
to immediately catch my eye. I’ll most assuredly read the post and so will my local Facebook friends.
D AVID FRE Y | 83

--- PAGE 84 ---
STEP 6: HOW TO GET A SUPER FAST INFLUX OF NEW CUSTOMERS
USING FACEBOOK
Now, I don’t know if I can get 100 customers in 100 days using these methods, but I do know I can get
some customers very quickly using these organic Facebook referral methods and ClickFunnels.
Using Facebook ads to promote my local business is undoubtedly the fastest way to get new customers,
but “referral traffic” is the highest quality of traffic I can get. Studies have found that traffic that comes
to ClickFunnels landing pages through a referral from a friend will buy faster, spend more, buy more
frequently and stay a customer longer than traffic that was purchased. So, although I’ll get less traffic
using organic Facebook referral strategies, I’ll be getting the absolute highest quality of traffic there is.
Here are five different organic referrals methods using Facebook I will use to quickly get a surge of new
customers, patients and clients.
1. The “Refer a Friend” Method
I will ask a friend to refer me to their Facebook
friends. I will let them know that I’ve just
started a new business and I’m trying to get
my first customers. Would they be willing to
help me out? If they say “yes,” I will ask them
to use one of my customer success stories,
if I have one. As I accumulate more customer
success stories, I can do this method over
and over. Notice in the example below, I’m
sharing someone else’s story, not my own,
but the post still works really well. I can
give my friends stories and accompanying
photos to use.
2. The “Share a Post” Method
I will create a customer success story post
with a call-to-action and just ask my
Facebook friends if they’ll do me a huge
favor. Would they be so kind as to share it
with their friends? People always want to
help other people, and all it takes from their
friend is to hit the “share” button. If they can
add some positive words to their share, it
will be even more effective. If the rules allow,
I can even go into a local Facebook group, tell my startup story, provide a link to my post and ask people
to share my post with their friends. I might get lots of people sharing my post and thousands of local
people seeing it. Remember, people like to help people.
D AVID FRE Y | 84

--- PAGE 85 ---
3. The “Can I Use Your FB Profile” Method
Now this is a bit gutsy but it’s surprising
how well it works. All I will do is create a post
that asks my friends if I can post on their
timeline about my business or tag them.
Here’s an example:
4. The “Team 12 Referral Group” Method
For this method, I will find 11 other local
professionals who use Facebook a lot, have
a large local following and have stellar
reputations. I will ask them to join my “Team
12” referral group and explain to them how
it works.
Once a month, I will select a day that 11
group members refer the 12th member in
the group on their Facebook profile. There
will be a system that dictates who refers who. This will occur once a month for 12 months. By the end
of the year, every person in the group will have been promoted by the other group members. Once the
year is over, we can start all over again the next year.
Since we’re doing it on a specific day of the month, all the group members can go to everyone else’s
profile to see if they are participating. It’s built-in accountability. We can expand this idea to 24 local
participants and refer a local business or professional twice a month as well. I wouldn’t expand it much
beyond that number.
5. The “Viral Deal” Method
This method is pretty simple. People like to share great deals with their friends, especially if they are
local deals. First of all, I will create a deal so good that friends can’t help but share it. Then I will have a
graphics designer create a graphic announcing the deal. I want to make it look like a coupon. I’ll put a
deadline on the deal so there is an element of scarcity involved. I will post the offer to my profile and
ask people to print it out for themselves and to share it with their friends. As the deadline gets near, I
will keep reposting the deal and let people know they only have a short period of time to take advantage
of the offer.
CONCLUSION
If I was starting out fresh with a new business in a new city (or even one I’ve been living in for a while)
and I didn’t have much money to run Facebook ads, this is the plan I would implement. I would set aside
a minimum of one hour a day every day, and my goal would be to become a social media rockstar in
my own city.
Facebook is the most powerful referral engine ever created since the dawn of time. I’m convinced you
D AVID FRE Y | 85

--- PAGE 86 ---
can generate more referrals for your local business using Facebook than anything else you can do. The
key is to:
• Create engaging content that makes people laugh, cry, think and inspire
• Strategically send and receive friend requests only from people who live locally
• Sprinkle in soft promotional business posts
• Use Clickfunnels to capture leads, build an email and chatbot list that you can contact over
and over again
In this chapter, I haven’t even touched on how to use ClickFunnels’ email systems to follow up with local
people. That’s an entirely different chapter in itself, but since we’re here, I’m going to share one local
email tactic I used with wild success. It’s called:
The Restaurant Fishbowl Method
I wanted to build a large email list of local people, so I went to all the restaurants in my city and offered
to buy two free meals a week for their customers to help bring them back to the restaurant. All the
restaurant had to do was place a fishbowl by the cash register with a sign on it that said, “ENTER YOUR
BUSINESS CARD TO WIN TWO FREE DINNER MEALS.” Below that headline it read, “The Winner Will Be
Notified Via Email.”
People would enter their business cards, and I would go around each week to pick them up. I manually
put them into the email system and sent out the winning free dinner coupons every week. Most
restaurants turned me down, but some restaurants thought it was a great idea. They didn’t have to do
anything, and it generated goodwill.
That was how I created a very large email list of local people pretty fast. Then I used that list to do joint
promotions with other local business people. They would promote my business to their email lists, and
I would promote their businesses to mine. They all wanted me to advertise their local business to my
email list so I had leverage.
***
We live in a day and age where you don’t have to get on the local rubber chicken speaking circuit or
waste half of your day several days a week attending local networking meetings. You can become a
local influencer without even leaving your office.
If you follow the plan I’ve laid out, you’ll become one of the most well known local people in the city. Your
business will boom and referrals will start flowing in.
D AVID FRE Y | 86

--- PAGE 87 ---
Emily Gang
Owner of The Medicare Coach
Emily is revolutionizing the way Americans make their
Medicare decision to protect their health care rights and
financial savings. What started as a desire to help her
dad make his Medicare decision, soon transformed into
her passion to change the way people navigate Medicare
rules and insurance company sales tactics to easily make
the right decision for their unique situation. The Medicare
Coach was created in 2010 and since Emily joined two years
ago, she’s more than 10x’d revenues and increased clients
from 3 states to 49 states and 4 countries through sales,
marketing, and funnel strategies.
TheMedicareCoach.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 87

--- PAGE 88 ---
How We Transformed Our Local Brick and
Mortar Business Into A Large-Scale Company
That Reaches Clients Nationwide
Do you have an insurance agency or financial service company and want to get more clients?
You more than likely have clients through local networks, so when you want to expand quickly, it can be
challenging through traditional channels.
I’ve spent my career inside of the finance and insurance industry, and over the last three years I’ve
grown a company that originally had clients from 2 states to now having clients from all 50 states and
6 countries.
I’ve tried a few different programs to build the business, but my business skyrocketed once I found
ClickFunnels.
In this chapter, I share the exact steps I took to transform our local brick and mortar business to a larger
scale company that reaches clients nationwide. This is what I would do to acquire 100 new clients.
PHASE 1: BUILD YOUR SUCCESS FOUNDATION WITHOUT
WASTING YEARS OR THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
Phase 1, which includes step 1 through 4 of this 10-step process, is the hardest part, but when done
right, it makes acquiring 100 clients very easy.
Step 1: Get Clear on Who I Want to Serve
One of the mistakes I made in my first business was assuming that nearly everyone could be a client.
This is a critical mistake because if you try to talk to everyone, you speak to no one. Therefore, this first
step is to get clear about who my dream client is.
Action plan:
I will make a list of at least 20 people who I can talk to that are current clients or potential dream clients.
I will talk to these people in person or over the phone so I can get the most value out of their response.
I’ll dig deep to get to the underlying answer and associated emotions.
The goal of these conversations is to understand what problem I solved for my current clients or what
problem the potential dream clients want me to solve.
In my business, I would ask the following questions:
• When you approached making your Medicare decision, what made it difficult?
• What did you ultimately want once you finalized your decision?
EMILY G ANG | 88

--- PAGE 89 ---
• Did other questions or concerns come up as you were making your decision?
• How did you feel as you approached your decision?
• Why did you join my program?
• How did you feel once I was able to help you make your decision?
• Would you recommend it to your friends and why?
The goal of these questions is to understand the pain point they had before I helped them and the
transformation I provided. These questions are fundamental to my marketing messages.
When speaking with these clients, I will be sure to take excellent notes and always use their exact
words, not restate what they’ve told me. These notes will be incredibly valuable for sales and marketing
copy in future steps.
Armed with all my notes, I will go through them to find trends and ultimately pick one person that
was interviewed who I consider to be “my dream client”. I will take note of their demographics and
psychographics so I can easily find them and communicate with them in the future.
Initially when I went through this step, it felt like a waste of time because I wasn’t making sales, but if
done right, the revenue will come in very fast once the selling begins.
Step 2: Start Building a Relationship with Future Clients through Publishing
Whether you want more local clients or national clients, it’s going to be essential to get your name and
message to them. If you’re going to get 100 clients, I highly recommend you publish at least five times
a week and don’t delay publishing. Ideally, you will be publishing by day five in this 100 day process.
The key to getting clients outside your network is building a relationship, just like how you do when a
client walks into your office. Don’t overthink this part as it can delay getting your message out, which
builds the relationship for future clients.
Action plan:
Decide where to publish
First, I will decide if I am more comfortable publishing written content or prefer video or audio content.
Second, I will decide where my dream clients are “hanging out online” and how they prefer to consume
my content.
My recommendation is to publish somewhere where you don’t need someone else’s permission to
post.
At first, I was going to partner with a local doctor’s office because I knew my dream clients were there,
but going through their approval process was delaying the content from going out.
Therefore, since I decided to publish through video, and since my dream clients were on Facebook, I
picked Facebook as my platform.
Note: Many people I talk to in the insurance and financial services field have compliance rules that can
make it harder to publish. However, get clear on how the rules work and determine if you must get your
compliance group to approve your value posts so you can keep publishing. For most people with
compliance rules, there is still a way to publish despite additional policies.
EMILY G ANG | 89

--- PAGE 90 ---
Decide what to publish
I would publish three types of content:
1. Value posts that answer their questions
In Step 1, I heard people’s questions. I heard their concerns and what problems they want me to solve.
Now it’s time to take those questions and break the answers to them into bite-sized pieces.
For example, people would come to me and ask me to recommend the best insurance option for them.
As a result, I broke that topic into pieces including “who can join Medicare?”, “what will it cost?” and
“what to consider.” I eventually had a list of over fifty questions and answers that catered to people’s
desired final destination.
2. My story
Sharing my story is important because I want the person on the other end watching my videos to get
to know me even though they never set foot into my office.
I was amazed that while people liked my value posts to solve their questions, they were more than likely
to become clients quicker once they heard my story. You can follow Russell’s epiphany bridge structure
in Expert Secrets to create this content.
3. Stories to address their objections to my service
Very early on, I began to know some of the objections people had about joining my service. These
content stories are a great way to start knocking the objections down.
While it’s essential to publish based on my research in Step 1, it’s just as important to observe how
people react to my publishing. I started to see who was engaging with me and who wasn’t. I saw who
was asking questions about my information and stories.
As I publish more videos to Facebook, I will look to see who is engaging and what types of content get
their engagement. Then, I will create more of those content pieces. If there is little to no interaction,
either I am missing the key issues, or I am reaching the wrong audience.
When I publish, I will test different call to actions at the end of my published pieces, such as instructing
people to email me to schedule a free call that covers the steps they must take before finalizing their
Medicare decision. In this free call, I cover the ten steps they should consider as they approach turning
65. This is an example of a service that gets them results but doesn’t necessarily solve their whole
problem.
If you already have an opt-in page that’s converting for you, then you can keep using that. However, the
key is to start finding your new potential clients so you can nurture them to be buyers.
When I first started our business Facebook page, I invited all of our clients, friends, and family to follow
and like the page. Having our existing clients on our page gave us the initial social proof that I needed
to get traction.
Additionally, I spent around $10/week for Facebook ads to help drive people to my page. Based on this,
I was able to test what resonated with people more quickly, as well as being able to quickly connect with
EMILY G ANG | 90

--- PAGE 91 ---
people outside of our personal and client network to see if the service we provide works for them too.
Step 3: Determine the Offer
At this point, I know who I am going to serve. From Step 1, I know their pain points, desires, and emotions.
From Step 2, I have been publishing video content to Facebook, so I’m also getting feedback on my
message.
In Step 3, I will start thinking about what I can sell to people. I know my new audience and where they
want to go from my research. Now I must confirm what they want to buy.
The key here is to know what to offer to people at the end of one-on-one calls.
Action Plan:
I will need to confirm the following:
• What will I offer?
• What is it called?
• What transformation is it providing?
• How much will it cost?
• What are the specific deliverables?
• Will I offer free bonuses?
I will write my entire offer out so that when I talk to a potential client, I can easily list what they would
get once they signed up.
For our business, we had an offer that was converting with our local clients. Therefore, I started to offer
this exact service to our new nationwide clients. This was a good starting point to get feedback from
new people, and in our case, resulted in us making slight changes to our original offer. This is where
Step 4 comes in.
Step 4: Serve Potential Clients and Test Offer
Step 4 is an exciting step because conversations with new potential clients begin who likely are outside
of your network. This is where you get to learn more about your dream clients and how well your
publishing is resonating with them. Additionally, you get to test out offers to see what these new clients
want to buy.
Action Plan:
I’ve been publishing video content, and at the end of that content have encouraged people to sign up
for a free call.
In my situation, people want to know exactly when to join Medicare and precisely what plan they should
get. In this free meeting, I don’t solve their entire problem, but I give them the initial steps to get them
started.
Once I get some traction here with the free calls, I can charge for this service. The key is to get a potential
EMILY G ANG | 91

--- PAGE 92 ---
paying client on the phone so that I can provide them value, but more importantly in these early stages,
I want to get their feedback on my marketing message and offer. At the end of each call, I will make an
offer to them.
Every time I do this, I will get my marketing and offer even more precise, so I will keep doing this until I
get at least five paying clients.
If I can’t get five paying clients, I will go back and look at the following:
• Am I publishing the right information to the right person?
• Am I publishing to the correct audience?
• What else am I missing that is keeping me from getting the five clients?
I will also make sure to get testimonials from people I am already working with in this step and publish
the stories of wins to your audience.
PHASE 2: GET READY TO GROW FAST
You’ve done all the research and testing so now it comes down to a numbers game. Show the right
people your fantastic offer and get ready for your new clients.
Step 5: Standardize My Offer and Bonuses
It’s essential to get crystal clear on exactly what I am selling so I can start talking to a lot of potential
clients.
Action plan:
I will look to see what people bought in Step 4.
In my experience, I sold people similar services in Step 4, but there was some customization. I realized
that if I wanted to grow fast, it was best for me to standardize the offer. One thing I learned is that our
traditional brick and mortar business with local clients offered one big package, and people bought it
because they already had a relationship with us. It wasn’t until I started to find clients online that I
had to change the offer slightly. While at the end of the day it was a very similar service and process, I
realized that some of the additional services we did without thinking were valuable free bonuses. So, I
decided to highlight these bonuses to our nationwide online clients.
Step 6: Build My Funnel
Now I have all the pieces to bring in clients, so I will build the funnel to bring in 100 new ones.
Action Plan:
First, I must decide which type of funnel is best to sell my service
I used a webinar funnel to build our business. I picked the webinar funnel based on the price of the offer
and the process I thought I needed to take a potential client through to be a paying client.
I would create a webinar landing page in ClickFunnels using a webinar template. I wouldn’t start from
EMILY G ANG | 92

--- PAGE 93 ---
scratch and would find other landing pages to a similar demographic to get an idea of what converts
best considering my potential clients.
I would connect all the back-end emails so people could join my webinar and increase the chance of
them showing up. I would host my webinar on Zoom, but there are a few different options out there.
On the webinar registration confirmation page, I include a filmed video of myself explaining who I
am and also ask people to send me their number one Medicare question. Doing so will be extremely
valuable because I can get more research on their pain points, and it is also a way for me to add a
customized touch to my funnel to make prospective clients feel heard.
Next, I must create my sales page for my offer and a “thank you for purchasing” page.
After that, my funnel is complete.
I could spend months creating these pages, but if I want to get 100 clients quickly, I don’t have time to
waste on this step. I will use the ClickFunnels-provided templates to get a page that is good enough,
but I will customize the transformation, the deliverables, and other client-specific items.
I can get these pages done in 1 to 3 days if I leverage my past research from Steps 1 through 4.
Step 7: Write My Webinar
It’s time to put into place Russell’s“Perfect Webinar” script. His“Perfect Webinar” framework catapulted
my business. It’s worked for thousands of people, so I don’t want to skip this step.
I primarily use this script with my webinars, but I also use the structure from my script when I’m talking
to potential clients one-on-one. This is just another reason why it’s critical that you don’t skip this step
as it can be used in many different situations.
Action Plan:
I’ll read Russell’s DotComSecrets book again, and build my webinar script step-by-step based on the
guidance provided.
The research I did in the early steps is critical to writing my webinar because I should already have my
“big domino”, transformation, offer, objections and corresponding secrets ready to use.
I want to have a completed script ready for my first webinar, but at a minimum I will have a script for
the sales portion.
After I do my first webinar, I’ll get the recording transcribed and then build on it. Having a standardized
script has been the only way I continue to have a consistently high-converting webinar. Scripts can be
hard to put together at first, but it’s worth millions once you have the right framework and script.
Additionally, I always have an end-of-webinar bonus that people get when they join my program by the
end of the webinar. This is one of the things that Russell told me to do, and I honestly didn’t believe it
would work. Of course, the first time I offered the webinar bonus, I nearly doubled my conversions. Be
sure to test it out, and make sure your end of webinar bonus is irresistible.
EMILY G ANG | 93

--- PAGE 94 ---
Step 8: Get People to Join My Webinar
As I write my webinar script, I should also be recruiting people to join my webinar. This step is a numbers
game. I need to get people to show up to the webinar so I can pitch them my irresistible offer.
Action Plan:
There are a few ways to get people to join my webinar, but I found the quickest way to do it was through
Facebook ads.
For our business, I knew my clients were on Facebook, so this was a good place for me to find more
clients. I had a list of emails from 500+ of our then-current clients, so I uploaded those into Facebook
and created a “look alike” audience based on those people. I used this audience to create targeted ads
inviting people to my webinar.
I will use Facebook ads to send people to my ClickFunnels webinar registration page, and once they’ve
registered, a corresponding follow-up email sequence will be sent out to increase the show-up rate to
the webinar.
Step 9: Host My Webinar
It’s finally the day to start bringing in many more clients with my webinar presentation. I’m going to
have fun with this because it’s the gateway to my 100 new clients.
Action Plan:
I will execute the webinar exactly how it’s explained in Russell’s book, DotComSecrets.
Though you will have to determine what time works best for your ideal clients, I will do my webinars on
Mondays at 6pm and Fridays at 12pm.
After the webinar is over, I will have a deadline by which people can sign up, and I will send an email
follow-up the sequence which includes the webinar replay to get even more buyers.
In this follow up sequence, if people don’t buy, I will send them an email asking them why. Based on this
feedback, I will tweak my webinar script, offer, or anything else necessary. Then, I’ll execute my webinar
again.
My first few webinars didn’t convert very well, but I continued to do my webinar twice a week. I would
make small changes primary to the wording around the offer until I got my first 100 clients.
Step 10: Serve 100 Clients
Now I get to serve my clients. As I do, I’ll make sure to get testimonials and reviews whenever possible.
If testimonials aren’t possible because of compliance rules, I’ll see where I can do case studies which
can be equally as powerful for future sales and marketing.
Remember, you’ve worked hard to get to this point, so be sure to celebrate and enjoy your success!
EMILY G ANG | 94

--- PAGE 95 ---
Jaime Cross
CEO & Founder of
MIG Soap & The HER Effect
Two years after leaving her corporate banking career to be home with
her newborn son, Jaime Cross had a longing to build a meaningful empire
driven by purpose and worldwide impact. Earnestly seeking direction,
Jaime asked God for a billion-dollar idea and days later saw a business
plan in a dream. She immediately embarked on her entrepreneurial
journey, and after nine long years of trial and error… a lot of mistakes and
tears... her company is leading a True Beauty movement that is changing
the way people do skin. Jaime stands at the forefront of business as a
force for good, now bridging her two companies, MIG and The HER Effect
to pave the way for women to activate their own dreams and embark on
their journey toward Becoming HER.
JaimeCross.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 95

--- PAGE 96 ---
How Hard Work, Failures, And Dedication
Took Us From ‘Broke’ To Multimillionaire
“Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first five hours sharpening the axe.”
- Abraham Lincoln
How does an entrepreneur sharpen their axe?
I know it’s easy to get tactical and technical when creating a marketing strategy, but I believe the first
and best thing we can do as marketers is to sharpen our axe by taking the time to get into our customers
mindset: understanding what their soul craves, their deepest wants and needs. Then, create our offers
and strategies from that place of knowing who they are, reading between the lines and discovering
what they really want. Afterall, the greatest human desire is a feeling of importance.
Every strategy I create, every tactic I implement, every conversation I have about the success of our
company always comes back to what “activates” our tribe to come alive and step into who they can
ultimately become.
“But, Jaime, you sell soap.”
Yes, and so do a million other companies.
Do you want to separate yourself from the masses?
Care deeply about who your customer is and what they desire. Serve them on a soul level. Focus on
culture as much as you focus on everything else.
We’ve taken a simple product and created an entire movement around activating human potential.
Women want soft skin, yes, but you know what they really want? Whether they realize it or not, they
want to feel beautiful, seen, understood, heard. We convey that as often and in as many touch points
as we possibly can.
How can we make them feel important? By utilizing funnels, we can engage them, evoke inspiration
and invite them to experience our brand live and in-person which will lead them to enjoy our products,
services, and ultimately our culture. Doing so always leaves people changed for the better.
Since this chapter is about brick and mortar commerce, I believe it’s also important that we remember
to create warm environments that fosters a beautiful shopping experience in addition to creating
irresistible offers.
I’ve walked into many stores and have gone elsewhere due to unpleasant ambiance or service. I’ve
encountered personnel that make you feel as though they’d rather you weren’t shopping there because
you are somehow inconveniencing them.
As a brick and mortar store owner who also has a digital presence, I can tell you that my “gatekeeper”,
Ann, is one of the most important people in our company. She upholds our lavish standards that
ensures our customers are happy at all costs.
J AIME CR O S S | 96

--- PAGE 97 ---
We actually call her our “Director of Happiness”! Women call the shop weekly just to check in and say
hello. They know they can call her with questions or concerns on any level, and we have their back.
It’s because we love people, yes, and strategically, happy people tell their friends about their experiences
with us. But, so do mad people. I would rather take a small loss and replace a product, refund an item,
or have Ann on the phone a few extra minutes if it means our customers feel loved and heard. This
contributes greatly to our 72% repeat customer rate.
Culture could be the one thing that separates you from the other store down the road.
The little things matter.
We can have the prettiest funnels and the greatest strategies, but if we don’t love our people well, we
will not stand the test of time.
So let’s switch gears and dive into some strategy.
What I love about using ClickFunnels is there is no limit to how you can use it for any business!
When I sat on that plane flying back from FunnelHacking LIVE in 2017, reading Expert Secrets, I didn’t
wonder if it would work for my soap business. I knew it would!
If you’ve been asking yourself how you can use funnels for your brick and mortar store, then read on.
The possibilities are endless, and once you start imagining your customer on a deeper, human level,
the ideas will start popping.
The first thing I would do to create my first 100 customers and bring the local community to my front
door is plan a local in-house gathering, robust with happy people, delightful essences, Billie Holiday
music and all the feels.
This gathering will include a tour of our factory and a live class plus spa experience promoting the
“True Beauty Lifestyle”.
I’d then create an amazing offer, build the buzz, and launch a table rush with an opt-in funnel where
leads would get access to a digital product that would entice them to complete their experience in the
shop, live and in person.
Here’s how I’d break it down:
I own a wildcrafted skincare company where we handcraft each product in our own factory. People love
peeking behind the scenes, hearing startup stories, and the immersive pampering experience.
Once again, how can we connect and serve them on a level that speaks to their soul, that makes them
feel seen and like the most important person there?
Let’s make it our life mission to always find new ways of loving people and empowering them to become
the people they were born to be, even if your product is as simple as a bar of soap.
The Funnel
This would be a ticketed event where they would opt in and purchase a ticket for the live class. With
the purchase of the live class, they will receive free access to our 14-Day True Beauty Challenge on the
Thank You page. The challenge would be completed in the live class.
J AIME CR O S S | 97

--- PAGE 98 ---
The Offer
• Guided Tour - story of our factory where you will hear the grass roots beginnings of MIG
• Ancient Beauty Rituals Training
• Handcraft Your Own Herbal Body Scrub
• Discover The Seven Pillars of True Beauty
• Detox & Juicing Training for Glowing Skin
The class time would run about two hours. A ticket would be about $47 to $97. Maybe there is also an
offer to refer two friends in exchange for free products. I might even do free classes for buyers which
will cause them to buy more of my products.
If I wasn’t sure about the offer, I would split test the cost of the class and the free gift.
We would create our first 100 customers by hosting 10 people in one class per week, and there would
be a “waiting list” for each new class which would cause an urgency and scarcity effect.
My landing page copy would be something like this:
Nestle Yourself Into Colorado’s
Finest Mountain Soap Shop & Discover The True Beauty Lifestyle!
Join Us For Pampering And A Live Herbal Beauty Experience!
• In This Ancient Skincare and Herbal Beauty Experience You Will
Come Away With:
• A guided tour of our factory where you will hear the grass roots
beginnings of MIG
• Discover The Seven Pillars of True Beauty & Ancient Beauty Rituals
• Handcraft Your Own Herbal Body Scrub
• The Truth About Detox & Juicing for Glowing Skin
• True Beauty Secrets such as detoxing, juicing, healing and more!
Bring a friend for this Rejuvenating Spa Experience and you will
receive a FREE full size, wildcrafted Blackberry Leaf Serum!
I would host the landing page on a URL such as DiscoverTrueBeauty.com. I would include testimonials
in my funnel about our products or any glowing experience a customer has had with our brand.
Bonus
I would also consider creating a “media presentation funnel” which invites local media to attend the
first class so they can hear our story and experience Colorado’s own rapidly growing skincare company,
getting our future classes some press and attention.
J AIME CR O S S | 98

--- PAGE 99 ---
For the event itself, the experience would include hand massage and product sampling stations,
hanging herbs and lights, and a product display and essences that would be irresistible. My team would
be prepared to listen and learn.
You can learn a lot when you spend time with your customers and tune in to their stories. It’s how I
shaped our brand and results-driven products. Truly, it was as simple as standing at my tent at the
farmers markets for four years, giving thousands of hand massages and listening to thousands of
stories.
Next, I would create an offer around buying product bundles at the live class that “cart close” after the
event is over.
For instance, our MIG Body Method, Facial Method, MAN Method, or Remedy Method would include a
free full size Body or Facial Serum Stick only if purchased during the live class.
A Few Final Thoughts
Every week I pack my four boys up in the car and drive to Denver so we can experience the Cherry
Creek Farmers Market. My heart is always full bringing home freshly picked fruit, veggies, herbs, and
local honey.
One of the best parts of our whole adventure is to cross over to the antique shop and peruse new finds
to add to my collection of old fashioned decor. I’ve purchased 150 year old barrels, wooden soap crates
from the late 1800’s, washboards, trunks and so much more.
This summer, much to my sorrow, we arrived to find the antique store had closed for good!
As much as I loved their products and even their offers, it struck me how many times I had been to
the shop and disliked the shopping experience. There just so happened to be a few other shops in the
area I much preferred to shop with, not because of their superior offers and products, but because of
the way their establishment made me feel. This antique shop’s staff was not attentive and was often
grumpy.
J AIME CR O S S | 99

--- PAGE 100 ---
I can think of many examples of some of my favorite restaurants, stores, and shops closing and all the
many times in one split second I decided to shop elsewhere because of a few key distasteful ambient
experiences. Those small decisions I made to put my dollars elsewhere multiplied by a community of
other people can make or break a local business.
It’s so important that we consider not only our products and services, but the environment and
experience we are offering. Warmth, pleasant essences, friendly people, amazing products, and a great
story causes repeat visits.
I currently shop at a little antique shop weekly because they are the whole package. Amazing finds,
warm essences, friendly people, and an enriching experience.
When we have a keen understanding of what every human deeply desires, you can serve people at the
highest level.
Take some time to sharpen your axe, and imagine how you can create a powerful buying and shopping
experience for your tribe.
What can you do differently that delivers new and better results not just in your product but in the
entire experience as a whole?
Your funnel is the perfect place to facilitate every imaginable idea for growing your brick and mortar
business. Imagine upsells in your funnel that are delivered locally.
Can you combine a digital product with a live, local product?
Can you become the local expert by educating your customers with new, mind blowing information
that they never knew?
Can you create an environment that they crave?
The answer of course is yes, you can!
Time to be the best, dominate, and make your mark on the world!
J AIME CR O S S | 100

--- PAGE 101 ---
Jennifer Sewell
Founder of Painless CE
Jennifer Sewell is a Certified Registered Nurse Anesthesiologist
who realized after practicing anesthesia for four years she
didn’t want to spend the next 30 years responding to medical
emergencies during the night. Craving the balance between
mom life and a successful medical field career, she opened a
medical aesthetics spa. After numerous requests from other
medical moms, she founded her own training program that
teaches other medical professionals how to build the business
and life they deserve.
PainlessCE.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 101

--- PAGE 102 ---
Generate Tons of Clients With No
Referrals, No List, And A BIG Competitor
I handed over my credit card to the receptionist. “Today’s charges will be $3,600.” I smiled politely and
tried to disguise my surprise. The reality hit me. I was paying almost a week’s salary for one hour’s
worth of services at a medical spa. As I walked to my car, I wondered why didn’t I open a medical spa?
I had the same (actually more) education and credentials than the registered nurse who just provided
my services.
I started the research process. I looked for the medical spa services that had the highest profit margin.
I bought the equipment: a permanent fat-removing device and a skin-tightening machine. I was now
committed to more debt than my first home mortgage. I was told not to worry by the device salesmen.
They assured me that their companies spent millions of dollars advertising every year and customers
would be looking for me. I was ready for the phone to start ringing and to start making some money.
Well, the phones started ringing - only about once every two weeks.
To complicate the matter, a local day spa decided they were going to expand their services to include
medical spa services. They bought the same equipment as me. I now had a direct competitor in the
same small town. The difference was they had a large existing client base, and I had none. I was starting
from nothing: no list, no patients, no referrals.
The reality set in again. I now owned a business, was in hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt from
equipment purchases, and I was responsible for providing someone else’s salary (my receptionist). I
had no business, marketing or sales training. What had I done?
If you are in this situation or maybe you want to open a medical spa, I am going to lay out the steps
that I followed which made my business very profitable. You can shortcut your path to success and not
make some of the mistakes I made.
Let’s get started.
I CAME FIRST
Step 1: I had to develop myself first
First, I had to work on myself, not my business. This may sound a little strange, but it is true. One of my
mentors tells his clients, “a business can only grow as fast as the owner does.” This is some of the best
business advice I have received. You absolutely must prepare your own mindset and develop yourself
before you can successfully lead others and have a successful business.
I needed to decide who I was. If you are like me and you are in the medical field as a nurse, doctor or
dentist, you have spent many years in obtaining your education. We learn about disease processes
and how to take care of other people. In all my years of formal education, I did not have one class that
taught me to further develop myself and my mindset. If you have not started personal development or
mindset training, start today! Who are you? Are you intelligent, kind, compassionate? Maybe you are a
JENNIFER SE WELL | 102

--- PAGE 103 ---
rebel? Whatever you are, own it, and tell yourself everyday. Every morning look in the mirror, and affirm
that you are this person.
I needed to plan for success. I cannot stress the importance of a daily morning routine enough. When
I was a staff nurse and working in the operating room as a nurse anesthetist, most of my days were
lived in default mode. What I mean by this is, every morning the alarm would go off. I would hit the
snooze button, and then at the last minute I would leap out of bed, shower and get dressed as quickly
as possible. The next hour was a scramble, getting my son up and off to school and barely arriving to
work on time. As you can imagine the rest of my morning seemed a little chaotic and disorganized.
This may work while you are an employee and providing services that people have to have, but when
you are running a business and selling luxury services, you have to show up as your best self. You can
implement a morning routine just by waking up an extra 15 minutes early. If you don’t already have
one, start simple. Wake up, do some mediation or deep breathing, hydrate yourself, give gratitude for
three things and visualize your day. Once you see how effective a morning routine is, you may want to
increase the time. The point is, you want to prepare yourself and get your mind in the right state before
you have encounters with your staff or clients.
BUSINESS TIME
Step 2: I had to identify my best client
Next I needed to work on my business. I thought about who would be my best client. Nowadays, med
spa clientele is quite diverse, but to get things going, I thought about my target avatar. When I opened
my spa, I imagined my best customer would be a woman in her thirties who wanted to lose her mom
belly. As it turns out, my biggest customer demographic was a woman in her early to mid-fifties who
no longer had children at home. She made enough money to pay for services without feeling like she
needed to talk to her spouse about the services and just wanted to “do something for herself.”
When you are thinking about your target avatar, you want to get as close to them as possible. Imagine
him or her. What is their name? Are they married or single? What do they think about when they wake
up in the morning? What are their fears and insecurities? What keeps them up at night? How can your
services help solve their problems? This will all be very useful when you start to create your content.
Step 3: I began creating content
Even with med spa services being a high-ticket luxury service, I am still selling a commodity. No matter
if you are offering neuromodulators (Botox) and hyaluronic acid (dermal filler) injections or permanent
fat loss, it is likely you have a competitor within driving distance who offers the same services - and I
definitely did! I needed to set myself apart from my competition and position myself as the expert. I
wanted anyone who needed my services to immediately think of me.
My favorite form of content is live video on social platforms. Video has many advantages, but one
reason I love it is that I feel like it allows your potential clients to get to know, like, and trust you before
you ever meet them for consultation. For whatever service you want to promote, I highly recommend
making a live video of a client receiving the treatment. (Make sure your client signs the appropriate
media consents).
For my live video, I asked a local tennis instructor who was my perfect avatar. She was in her early
fifties, had an outgoing personality and knew a lot of women who might be potential clients. During
JENNIFER SE WELL | 103

--- PAGE 104 ---
this video, I talked about the treatment and answered the most frequently asked questions I normally
answered during client consultations. I also applied the strategies Russell Brunson describes in Expert
Secrets chapters one and nine.
By the way, if you haven’t read Expert Secrets, read it as soon as you finish this book! In chapter one,
Russell references The One Sentence Persuasion Course by Blair Warren. The first step is to “encourage
their dreams”. So, if you are selling body contouring, in your video you want to show how your service
is going to give them the body they desire.
Next is “justify their failures”. In my video, I talked about how my client, Kathy, was a tennis instructor
who plays tennis everyday and has a consistent workout routine but still could not lose her stubborn
belly fat or love handles. If you are providing services for permanent fat loss removal, it is likely your
client has attempted many diets and exercise programs but still do not have the results they desire.
This is our opportunity to justify their failures. They are not responsible for the inability to lose stubborn
fat; often age, hormones or genetics make it difficult. If Kathy is a very active tennis instructor and can’t
lose her stubborn fat, she definitely should not feel ashamed of their weight loss failures.
Next, I “allayed their fears”. I showcased how the procedure has worked for so many other clients who
were just like them or Kathy who was receiving the treatment. I allayed their fears about pain or
discomfort. During my video, I had Kathy talk about how she resumed her normal workout routine
immediately after her first treatment.
Next, you must “confirm their suspicions”. I asked Kathy to talk about her skepticism of the procedure,
but how, in reality, it worked out well for her.
Finally, I “threw rocks at my enemies”. There could be a lot of enemies in this situation, such as prior
diets that didn’t work, other treatments potential clients have tried that didn’t work or even a personal
trainer who told them that a fat loss procedure was “cheating.” In chapter nine of Expert Secrets, Russell
talks about breaking false belief patterns. Before you make your video, think of all the false beliefs your
potential clients may have. You want to start breaking the false beliefs in your treatment video.
If you have never recorded a live video, you may initially be nervous or hesitant. Everyone who has ever
made a video was likely nervous the first time. After the first one, it gets easier, and every time the
videos get better.
Two things to remember:
1. Be yourself. Remember when we talked about who you are? Be that person. Be real, and be
authentic. If you are naturally a funny person, be funny in the video. People can sense if you are
fake, and no one wants to do business with someone fake.
2. It does not have to be perfect. Again, be real. If you make a mistake or mispronounce a word,
just keep going. Many people are put off by perfection. Be candid, just like you were in a realtime
consultation answering questions.
I used this video for my ads on social media. Like everyone, I did encounter some “Negative Nellies”
who made comments that my services don’t work or are too expensive, etc. These comments are an
opportunity to further educate potential clients. I never argue or belittle a person who makes a negative
comment on my paid ads. I acknowledge their response and use it as an opportunity for turnaround.
An example might be Negative Nelly comments that “this procedure doesn’t work.” A good response
would be, “Nelly, thank you for taking the time to comment on our page. We would love to invite you in
for a complimentary consultation and show you before and after pictures of our many happy clients.”
JENNIFER SE WELL | 104

--- PAGE 105 ---
Negative Nelly is probably not an ideal client, but her comment was an opportunity to display a gracious
manner and show social proof of other satisfied clients.
Step 4: I needed a funnel!
Funnel time! Now that I was getting some traffic from my video ads, I chose to send them to an
application funnel. Can you imagine having the ability to have a consult with your client or patient
before they ever come into the office? The application funnel with video does just that. It is perfect for
med spa services or any medical service. It gives you the opportunity to show your expertise, address
the most common questions that you answer in consultation and let the potential client know if they
are a good candidate for the procedure. This was (and still is) the start of my sales process. I cannot tell
you how many times I have heard clients say, “Well, in the video I watched you already answered most
of the questions I had. Now I think I am ready to do this.”
After the potential client sees my awesome live video on social media, they will have the option to click
on the “learn more” button. This will take them to my application funnel. Here I will have the opportunity
to ask the potential client or patient about their health history, weight loss goals and determine if they
are a candidate for my service.
After they input their information, they will be directed to the next step of the funnel. Here they will find
out if they are a candidate for your services. If they are, great! The funnel takes them to the next step
which will tell them more about your service. If they are not a candidate, they will be told so but asked
to “please remember us in the future if things should change!”
The patient who is a potential candidate will keep going through the funnel. They will learn all about the
procedure, and through watching my videos, they will have already gotten to know, like and trust me!
Now anyone who has invested this much time learning about my service must be serious. They will
now have an opportunity to put in their contact information for an appointment request. This is great;
I now have the potential client’s email and phone number.
Now that my client has come through my funnel, I want to get them on the phone. I use a texting service
and immediately send a text as soon as the application comes through. I word the text to something
like, “I just received your request for an appointment. Do you have just a minute so I can call you to set
that up?” When you get the potential client on the phone, this is a continuation of the sales process and
the opportunity to set an appointment.
When the client arrives for the consultation, this is the final step in the sales process. Remember, I
want to position myself as the expert, answer any final questions and close the sale. I do not hard close
anyone for med spa services. There are other places and even med spa “consultants” who use high-
pressure tactics. I want to build a relationship and have a lifelong customer, not talk someone into a
service and who later has buyer’s remorse.
Step 5: I needed to retarget potential clients
Now, imagine that the client put in an application through your funnel, but you could never get them
on the phone. You have someone who is interested in the service, but they just need a little more social
proof. Let’s give them some in the same place they first found you. We can do this with retargeting videos.
I use real patient testimonials for my retargeting videos. I start with a headline that says, “Do you think
XYZ is too good to be true? Listen to what our patient Kathy has to say.” Then I use a testimonial video
JENNIFER SE WELL | 105

--- PAGE 106 ---
where my client is discussing her results: she is back in her size small tennis skirts that she has not
worn in years.
Maybe the client just needs to get to know, like and trust me more. I will dominate the conversation on
their social media news feed. Since I want to stand out as an expert in my field, I want to produce as
much content as possible that is related to my services. I’ll think of all the things that my client might
be interested in and make videos about that content. If I am selling body contouring, likely my client
has tried a lot of diets or is at least curious about them. I will make a video about my experience with
the keto diet, or a video about what recent research says about plant-based diets. Maybe if summer is
coming up, I will do a video about top-rated beaches and end the video with a call to action about my
“body contouring special” so viewers can get beach-ready for summer. Whatever the majority of my
clients are interested in is what I should make videos about, using social media to get my content in
front of them. For my clients that are more logical decision makers, they need more time to get to
know me and research my service. By being consistent in my content production, they will end up in
my funnel and in my office for a consultation.
Conclusion
What I have just described in these last few pages took me many months to figure out. If I had to start
over, I would build a funnel and run ads for paid traffic before I even opened my doors. I would have
appointments scheduled before my business even opened. No matter where you are in your journey,
considering a career change or adding a med spa to your existing services, this proven method will
help shortcut your path to success. The strategies I have described helped me to build a med spa in a
small town in the middle of nowhere that did higher volumes than medical spas in metropolitan areas
with a large clientele base. I had one woman drive four hours one way to get the same services from me
(a nurse) that were offered by a plastic surgeon in her hometown. One of her friends shared my video
on Facebook and she saw it, ended up in my funnel and became a loyal customer. Bottom line: funnels
and social media work for any business!
JENNIFER SE WELL | 106

--- PAGE 107 ---
Joe McCall
Founder of Chamberlain Holdings, LLC
& Realtor with Keller Williams
Joe has been investing in real estate for over 11 years
in many different markets around the country. He also
teaches and coaches people from all over the world to buy
and sell real estate in the USA.
ChamberlainHoldings.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 107

--- PAGE 108 ---
Find 100 Leads The Fastest, Easiest Way
Possible – For Realtors and Investors
If I had to find 100 leads for my real estate business in the next 30 days or else I had to shut my doors -
and all I had was a phone and ClickFunnels - I’d be so excited and say, “Bring it on!” 100 leads isn’t really
a big deal if you are smart and have a ClickFunnels account.
(By the way, I am writing this to realtors and investors. If you’re reading this as an investor, and you are
not a licensed realtor, I strongly recommend that you get your license. If you are reading this as a realtor
who only does traditional listings, I highly recommend you start thinking about working with investors.
Whatever role you do have, you will still find the principles I talk about in this chapter helpful.)
This is exactly what I would do.
Target Buyers First
So many people who are in the business of real estate go after the seller, the one who has a house to
sell. I’m here to tell you that if you want to make the most money, in the easiest and fastest way
possible, focus on finding buyers.
Why? It’s simple. Buyers are the primary customers in our business. They are the ones who have the
money and bring it to the table.
Do you know the “golden rule”? The one with the gold makes the rules.
The easiest way to make money in real estate is to find the buyers first. I would find what they want, and
then go get it for them. Simple as that.
While every realtor and investor out there are fighting over the same small pool of sellers, the smart
ones are focusing all of their marketing efforts on finding the buyers first. In business, it is always easier
to sell people what they want, then try to sell them what you have.
“Finding buyers first” as a strategy works in any market, but it works especially well in this current
market, as prices are finally starting to slow down. We are coming into more of a buyer’s market.
So I will focus on being a local expert and finding the buyers first. This is the fastest way to make money
in real estate.
What Kind Of Buyers Do I Want?
What kind of buyer should I focus on, though? Retail buyers (owner occupants) or investor buyers
(landlords / rehabbers)?
JOE MC C ALL | 108

--- PAGE 109 ---
I recommend and would focus on the investor buyers first. Why? There are many reasons:
• They have access to lots of cash.
• They usually buy multiple properties.
• They are not as picky as retail buyers.
• They are more educated than retail buyers.
• You don’t have to drive them all over town, looking at a ton of properties.
• And most importantly, they are easy to find! They’re everywhere. They’re in public records.
They attend local Meetups. They are online searching for investment properties. They buy real
estate education.
If I did want to only focus on the retail buyers, I would need to be super specific about what kind of retail
buyer I want to target. Would I focus on the first-time home buyer, the upgrade buyer, the downgrade
buyer, the relocation buyer, the distressed buyer?
I would need to pick one and go with it. I would need to be hyper-focused on who my buyer is and go
after them with 100% of everything I’ve got.
One Market & One Marketing Strategy
This is absolutely imperative. I must only focus on one market. I need to be the local expert. I can’t do
this in multiple markets. I have to be the “category king” in my own “blue ocean.”
The riches are in the niches, so I shouldn’t be afraid to go an inch wide and a mile deep. I want to be
known as the realtor who helps these specific buyers, buy these specific properties, in these specific
areas, with my specific resources that only I have.
I also need to be hyper-focused on one marketing strategy. I can’t do 100 different things and do them
all well. I need to pick one good way to find buyers, and do that 100% every day. Only when I’m done
with that, then maybe you can also do something else.
Write Down My ONE Things
Now I will write it down: what is my ONE buyer? What is the ONE market that they are in? What is the
ONE type of property they are looking for? And what is the ONE way I am going to focus on finding
these buyers?
I’m Not Unique
Of course every market is unique. Every market is local, but these rules for finding buyer leads for my
real estate business are the same all over the country. All over the world for that matter.
I can’t allow myself to think “these things won’t work for me because ‘I’m special’, ‘I’m unique’, ‘my
market is different’, ‘the people in my market are different’, ‘my market is too competitive’, ‘my market
is too big or too small.’”
JOE MC C ALL | 109

--- PAGE 110 ---
I will stop giving myself excuses for why I think this will not work for me in my market. I will trust the
process, get out there and make it happen. I won’t let anyone tell me I can’t do this, or that it won’t work
for me.
Come Up With A Plan & Execute It (Violently!)
George S. Patton was famous for saying, “A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect
plan executed next week.”
My first step is to come up with a plan, but I will forget about it being a perfect plan. It will never be
perfect. I believe that “done is the new perfect.”
So I will stop making excuses, write down my own plan, and VIOLENTLY execute it!
I can always modify it later. This isn’t a plan that I’m going to be committing to for the rest of my life.
Eventually, I will hire other people to implement it for me, but for now, I’ll write down my plan & execute
it IMMEDIATELY, today.
I will write down what my #1 goal in this real estate business is. There’s nothing wrong if that goal is “to
make money.” I can start from there.
But how do I get there? How do I make money in real estate? I need to start from the ‘money’ and work
backwards. This marketing plan is all about things I can control.
I can’t control how much money I will make per month. I can’t control what my average profit or
commissions are on each deal. I can’t control the average number of sellers or buyers I need to talk to
before I do a deal.
But I can control my daily lead generation activities and my daily prospecting. My plan simply needs
to show what I am going to do every day to get people to download my lead magnet and get the phone
to ring.
I would submit that my only goal should be to talk to 10 buyers a day. That’s it. Nothing else really
matters. If I talk to 10 clients a day, I am going to do deals. Everything I’m working on should be to fulfill
that goal.
My plan should only have 1 to 2 things I should be doing every day that will allow me to talk to 10 buyers
a day. I will eliminate everything else. I won’t call it a day or quit until I VIOLENTLY execute my plan.
What does it take to talk to 10 potential buyers / clients a day? I will talk about all that and lay out some
good ideas, but I need to make sure I keep it super simple.
FIRST – Build Out Simple Lead Funnels In ClickFunnels
I need to know what my buyers want and what they are looking for. I need to enter into the conversation
that they are having in their heads right now. What do they want?
Here are some things I should be thinking about, things that maybe my buyers want:
• Good profitable deals at great bargains
• Speed and convenience
JOE MC C ALL | 110

--- PAGE 111 ---
• Increased cash flow, decreased overwhelm
• A way to save money
• A property that doesn’t need a lot of work
• A property that DOES need a lot of work (Note: you need to figure out what it is that your buyers
want.)
• Not looking at 1,000 different properties. They want someone to do some of the legwork /
research for them.
• A “boots on the ground” person that is going to look out for their interests.
• Connections & resources – “your rolodex.”
• First dibs on all your best properties.
• Someone who will patiently take the time to explain everything to them in simple terms.
• (There’s a lot more that buyers want… Write them down.)
Could I take anything from that list and turn them into some potential front-end lead magnets? Oh
yes… easy peasy.
The important thing is to ask. I need to ask my buyers what they want and how I can best help them. I
will give that to them.
When I know what they want, I will create some free reports, checklists, tools, or resources: something
that is really valuable and solves some of their biggest needs.
Here are some potential ideas: (Note, you don’t have to pick just one. Maybe you can have one be your
main thing, and then have a couple more as a free bonus.)
• Free Report: How to buy your next investment property in <City> and save $1,000’s
• Free Report: Where the best rental properties are in <City> that will give you the highest profits,
the best tenants, the least hassles… and how to find them.
• Free Report: How to buy your next <City> rental or rehab with ZERO money down… without
using any of your own money and credit.
• Free Report: The Top 10 Biggest Mistakes Investors Make In <City> and How To Avoid Them.
• Controversial Report: The Top 5 Worst <City> Zip Codes To Buy Investment Properties In
• Free Calculator Shows You How Much Cash Flow You Will Make (Or Lose) On Your Next <City>
Investment Property
• Discover The Top Zip Codes With The Most Evictions In <City>
• Discover The Top Zip Codes Of <City> That Give Investors The Highest ROI (And The Zips That
Will Give You The Worst)
• Free Rehab Estimator That Will Tell You What Your Rehabs Will Cost – So You Don’t Make Stupid
Offers in <City>
• TOP SECRET: Spy On Your Competition...Find Out What Your Competition Is Doing Today….
Free Spreadsheet Reveals Exactly What Investors Are Buying In <City>, and For How Much.
JOE MC C ALL | 111

--- PAGE 112 ---
After They Download The Lead Magnet
Now that they’ve put in their email for their free lead magnet, what should I do?
It’s simple; I will ask for their phone number and give them mine.
I might give them another ethical bribe in exchange for getting on the phone and talking with them. I
will tell them to call me or text me if they want my own personal recommendations and advice for the
local market.
Yes, you read that correctly. I will actually give them my cell phone number. The number one problem
that most realtors & investors have is they are not accessible. They are hard to get a hold of. They don’t
return calls. They don’t answer their phone. I want to make a lot of money in real estate in the next 6
to 12 months. I want to be a “top producer” and stand out above all my competition. So I’m going to
answer my phone. Talk to people. Flap my lips!
(That is, unless I hate money. Then I’ll let all my calls go to voicemail.)
It’s amazing to me how many times clients have said to me, “Wow, you’re the only one that answers
their phone. You’re the only one who calls me back. Thank you! Let’s do some business today.”
What are some things I can bribe them with to get their phone number on the next page, after they
download their lead magnet? Here are some ideas:
• “Thanks for downloading XYZ. If you would like me to text you a list of my favorite people
that can help you do ABC, text or call me at 555-CELL-PHONE, or put your number here
so I can text it to you.”
• “If you would like to be the first to be notified when I find smoking hot deals in <City>, give
me your phone number here.”
• “If you would like a list of my personal favorite…
º mortgage brokers that work with my clients in <City>
º local banks that have low down payment plans & easy qualifying credit
programs - specifically for investors
º pre-vetted property managers that can take care of all your properties for you º
local tenant screening companies that will help you avoid the problem tenants º
most reliable handy-men, contractors, cleaning companies, service contractors,
property inspectors that are willing and ready to work for you and save you tons of money…
º local down payment assistance programs
º a list of local private lenders that can lend you private money on your next deal
º local tax incentive programs / special affordable housing programs
How will I know what works and what doesn’t? I’ll test, test, test. I’ll think about who my buyer is and
what they want. I won’t fish for sharks with little minnow bait. I’ll use shark bait.
JOE MC C ALL | 112

--- PAGE 113 ---
When I do talk to them, I’ll ask them what they want. I’ll ask them how I can help them make more money.
How to Find Buyers: The Actual Campaigns
This is the most important section of this chapter. It doesn’t matter if I have the best funnel, lead
magnets or follow-up if no one sees my stuff.
The key to all these strategies below is consistency. I have to be consistent in this. This has to be what
I’m doing every day without fail.
I need a scorecard to track these numbers. I need a coach to hold me accountable to my scorecard.
In fact, I should probably get a friend who has permission to kick my butt if I don’t meet these targets!
I must remember to track things I can control. This is what is on my scorecard: daily activities. These
daily activities are tied to my SMART goals (Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, Timely).
FOUR WAYS TO FIND BUYERS
1. Call Existing Landlords 3. Participate in Local Investor Groups
2. Produce Daily Marketing Content 4. Follow Up, Follow Up, Follow Up
1: Call Existing Landlords
This is simple. I will find the people that are already buying properties in my target market, contact
them, and ask them if they want to buy more. (I’ll also ask them if they have anything they want to sell.)
How do I find their numbers? Zillow and Craigslist are my two favorite ways. I can also message people
in Facebook Marketplace who have rental properties. Through GoSection8.com I can also find more
phone numbers.
Here is another of my favorite ways. I will download a list of investors who have recently purchased
investment properties in the area and send simple handwritten yellow letters to 10-20 of them. I’ll send
10-20 letters every day, just asking them if they are looking for any more properties in the area. I’ll hand
address the envelope and put a real stamp on it, too.)
This is what my letters say:
Hi Investor LLC,
I see you just purchased a property on 123 Main St in <City>.
Are you looking for more investment properties in the area?
Give me a call, or text me at 555-555-5555. I think I can help you.
P.S. - You can also visit my website here to download this free resource. I think you might like it.
I want to make these letters look personal, not professional. I’ll handwrite everything on yellow legal
pads of paper and use an invitation-style envelope with a real stamp. I’ll adhere the stamp a little
crooked and even add a $0.01 stamp to make my letter stand out even more.
JOE MC C ALL | 113

--- PAGE 114 ---
(Do you want another secret, awesome tip? Crumple up the letters, and refold them. It adds some
thickness to the envelope, increases the curiosity of the recipient, and causes them to even more quickly
read what the letter says. This alone will probably double your response rate!)
What if I did a quick Google search of these investors, found their phone numbers, then just cold called
them? Usually, the managing members of an LLC can be found by looking on my State’s Secretary of
State website. With a little sleuthing on the internet, I can find their phone numbers and call them!
I will just make it a goal to do something simple and small every day, whether that’s sending 10 letters
or cold calling 10 investors. I’ll do it every day.
When I’m talking to these active investors, I will always ask them two questions:
• Are you looking to buy any other properties?
• Do you have any properties you would like to sell?
2: Produce Regular Content - YouTube Videos and Podcasts
This is so powerful, especially when I can hyper-focus my content marketing to my local market.
Google, YouTube and Facebook all love local and regional content marketing. This is the type of content
that is most likely to be relevant to their customers. They will gladly show my stuff to their customers
as long as it’s useful and relevant.
I will focus on doing a simple 5-10 minute YouTube video every day, and I will also record a local investing
podcast at least 3 times a week.
My channel, videos, podcasts will all be specific to my local region. I’ll use my city keywords in everything.
In the beginning, I will expect to have a smaller audience, but that is ok. My goal is to be a big fish in a
small pond. My local market is a huge blue ocean!
In all my content, I want to talk about my local market, the things that make me stand out as the local
investment expert. Trust me, no one is really doing this consistently. It’s easy to stand out in a local
market.
When I create content, I know I’m not only talking to buyers who live in my local market either. I will also
be talking to out-of-state investors that will be searching the internet for information about my local
market. They will find me if I have been consistent.
Finally, I’ll make sure that all my content has a simple call-to-action (CTA) at the beginning and end.
What Am I Going To Talk About?
This again is super easy. It just takes a little planning. One of my favorite content ideas is to interview
local people in the real estate business. After I interview these people, I will ask if there’s a way that I
can share their interview with their audience. Here are some people you could interview:
• Property Managers
• Realtors and Brokers
JOE MC C ALL | 114

--- PAGE 115 ---
• Title Companies
• Mortgage brokers who work with investors
• Local banks who lend to local investors
• Insurance agents
• Local contractors
• Local inspectors
• Local real estate attorneys
• Other landlords who own rental properties
• Local home builders & developers
• Local real estate club leaders
• Local city officials & housing experts
Where else can I go to get fresh content and ideas for my videos and podcasts? Here are some steps I
would take:
• Read local newspapers. Talk about what’s happening locally in real estate and general
business.
º Search Google News for “<City> real estate.”
º Find local blogs.
• See what other real estate investors are talking about on YouTube.
º Look at the comments below the videos.
º What are their headlines? Suggested videos?
• Check out BiggerPockets.com and various local Facebook Groups. What are people
talking about there? What are the hot topics? What questions are people asking?
º Look at the comment threads of blog posts and articles. What are the most common
questions?
• Look at the popular real estate books in Amazon, and look at their ‘Table of Contents’ sections.
• Have a “Deal Of The Day” segment, where I video walk-through a vacant investment
property. (Make sure you get the local listing agent’s permission before you video one of
their houses and promote it. Most won’t mind, but you need to ask first.)
º Talk about the area, the neighbors, the schools, the local businesses.
º Talk about the pros and cons.
º Talk about the numbers. What are the rents in the area? What are the average values?
• Be careful with giving numbers & estimates. Be general, and use ranges. Always under-
promise and over-deliver. Make lots of disclaimers.
• Talk about the contacts I have in my rolodex right now that can help them with this property.
JOE MC C ALL | 115

--- PAGE 116 ---
• Use an ROI Investment Property Calculator from places like DealCheck.io, BiggerPockets.
com or RealEstateTools.com.
• Tell the audience that I will give them unique, personalized comps and data to this
property if they contact me.
• Tell the audience I have the lenders and people in place that can help them finance, rehab,
and manage this new property.
I won’t worry about my content being perfect. It never will be. “Done is the new perfect.”
Again, I have to emphasise this, I will always make an offer in all my content at the beginning and the
end. I will always ask for the sale. I’m not going to worry about being annoying. Every piece of content,
every video, every podcast, every letter, every follow-up email, every SMS: I will always give a simple,
clear CTA.
3: Participate in Local Investor Groups
Most cities have local Meetup groups or Real Estate Investment Associations (REIA’s). I will go to all of
them and pass out my business cards to everyone. I’ll put flyers on their cars in the parking lot when
the meeting has started. I’ll tell everyone that I am a “deal finder” and a “deal creator.” I’ll tell them I am
the “premier realtor in the <City> area for finding deeply discounted properties for my clients.” I’ll have
the attitude that it’s a privilege to get to work with me, that I only can work with a few select clients and
only give my best leads to my best buyers. It’s a first-come, first-serve basis.
There are also local investor groups online. I’ll check out the local Facebook “buy-sell-trade” groups.
There are large nationwide realtor / investor Facebook groups that I will join. I will participate in these
groups and let people know who I am and what I do.
On BiggerPockets.com, I can get keyword alerts for my City keywords. I can search in their huge
directory and find who the active local investors are.
Whenever I’m talking to anyone, I’ll always ask these questions:
• Are you looking for an investment property to buy in <City>?
• Do you have a property you would like to sell?
• Bonus: Do you know anyone who does?
4: Follow Up, Follow Up, Follow Up
Here’s the truth: at least 90% of your business will come from the follow-up. On average, it’s going to
take 6 to 7 touch points over 3 to 4 months before a customer becomes a client.
So I won’t quit or give up too soon! I’ll be relentless in my follow-up. This is where most people fail in the
business. They give up too early, and they don’t follow up.
JOE MC C ALL | 116

--- PAGE 117 ---
Here are some things I will do for follow-up:
• Send out daily emails.
º Write an email every day, just 1 to 2 pages. Teach something valuable and practical.
º Make sure the emails have a very clear call to action.
º Include daily tips and updates from the local and national real estate news.
º Talk about the latest “Deal of the Day.”
º Talk about the latest video I recorded which was just released.
• Send out weekly “9-Word” emails (from Dean Jackson).
º “Are you still looking for properties in XYZ area?”
º “Have you found an investment property in <City> yet?”
º “I have a hot pre-foreclosure investment property in <City>. You wouldn’t be
interested in it, would you?”
º “Want a free list of all the local foreclosures in <City>?”
• Send SMS text messages at least once a month, maybe twice a month.
• Send voicemails using a system like SlyDial or SlyBroadcast.
• Contact everyone in Facebook Messenger and LinkedIn.
• Send personalized videos using a system like Bonjoro or BombBomb.
Conclusion
So there you have it: a simple plan to get 100 leads in 30 days. I am 100% confident that this will work
for you if you keep it simple and “execute it violently.”
Get a scorecard. Track your numbers. Get some accountability. Talk to 10 people a day. Answer your
phone.
Don’t overcomplicate this. Don’t think that your content and marketing has to look perfect and
professional. The key is consistency and follow-up.
I know you can do it!
JOE MC C ALL | 117

--- PAGE 118 ---
Joshua Latimer
Founder of SendJim
Joshua Latimer started as a pizza delivery driver living in a
trailer park with big business dreams. He finally mustered
the courage to launch a local cleaning business near Flint,
Michigan and grew it to over $150,000/month in sales! He
went on to sell his cleaning business and move to Costa
Rica with his wife and kids. Today, Joshua runs a multi-
million dollar software company that helps local businesses
grow quickly through the use of clever marketing systems.
SendJim.io
JOE MC C ALL | 118

--- PAGE 119 ---
Maximize Profits With A Service-Based Business
Welcome fellow home service business owner!
Would it be ok if I laid out my intentions up front? (That way we can get on the same page.)
In this chapter, I will be delivering to you powerful marketing insights that you likely have never heard
before because of your unique situation.
Believe it or not, whether or not these insights will help you has more to do with you than it does with me.
To maximize your real world results it is critical that you commit to the following two items:
#1 - You Must Learn, Not Just Read
Many people confuse reading with learning, and they are not the same thing. Your goal should not be
to complete this chapter or finish this book. Rather, it should be to attain mastery at applying online
marketing to your local home service business.
#2 - You Must Do The Work
In today’s internet guru age, more and more people seem to confuse learning with actually doing. This
is a subtle enemy because when we learn something, it produces a sense of pride and accomplishment.
However, I want to warn you that this seemingly small difference is actually the primary issue that
separates the winners and the losers.
Attaining mastery requires you to do the hard work of applying these principles in your own business.
This means you have to be willing to endure the frustration that is inevitable as you sink into deep
thought and try to apply this material to your specific situation in the real world.
Before we get started I have two quick tips to share:
Quick Tip 1:
Periodically pause to feverishly scribble down your notes in an effort to actually apply the material to
your real business. This is a requirement for mastery). Go slowly on purpose while doing the real work
for your specific business.
Quick Tip 2:
Pay close attention to the following pages as it could literally be worth millions of dollars in sales to your
company over the next few years.
Now, let’s dive in…
JO SHU A LATIMER | 119

--- PAGE 120 ---
INTRO
You live in a uniquely different world as a home service business, and oh, do I get it.
There are challenges someone like you will face with your home service business that most online
marketers will never understand: employee issues, low priced competition, financial uncertainty,
developing predictable lead flow and more!
This alone would be enough to cause most online entrepreneurs to hyperventilate into one of those
airplane sick bags.
With that being said, there is also massive overlap and a lot to be learned from the internet marketing
community.
Luckily for me, I have lived in both worlds.
MY QUICK BACKSTORY
Phase 1:
• I got married at 20 years old to my high school sweetheart.
• We lived in a trailer park.
• I was a pizza delivery guy.
• We were broke. I mean, “we couldn’t buy groceries” kind of broke.
Phase 2:
• I got a “safe and secure” job at JP Morgan Chase bank.
• I quit that job while my wife was pregnant with our first child.
• I started a window cleaning company with zero savings.
• We suffered. I mean, “our electricity was shut off and our car repossessed” kind of suffered.
Phase 3:
• I discovered the concept of “systems” for my business.
• Within 12 months my business tripled.
• Within 5 seasons I was selling over $180,000 per month working 5 hours a week.
• I sold my business to a buyer from California.
Phase 4:
• I moved my family, now with 4 kids, to Costa Rica.
• I launched a software and grew it to over $250,000 per month.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 120

--- PAGE 121 ---
• I launched a podcast helping home service businesses which has over 700,000
downloads at the time of this writing.
• I founded an educational company which is also a 7-figure business now.
Did you catch it?
If you look closely, you can see where the shift happened for me and how the same shift can help you.
The very first bullet point under Phase 3 was when it all changed for me. This is when I first discovered
the concept of “systems.”
Systems flipped my world upside down and sent my business career to the races. The same can be
true for you.
Let me start by explaining a simple truth:
“Your business is perfectly calibrated to give you exactly the result you are currently getting.”
A friend of mine, Michael Kaplan, said that he built a carpet cleaning business from nothing to over
$18,000,000 a year in less than a decade.
So what is Michael’s point?
The key to winning in business online or offline is systems. If you are currently struggling or not making
the kind of income you want it is because you need different or better systems.
Yes, it really is that simple.
Disclaimer: I did not say it was easy. I said it was simple. There is a difference.
Your Most Important System: Marketing
Marketing is the foundational cornerstone of every single successful business on the planet. Period.
Marketing is like a water spigot for your business and ideally it should be gushing out leads at 4 gallons
a minute. However, the average local business owner has a spigot that more closely resembles dripping,
not gushing.
It is the bedrock everything else will be built upon. Most local business owners are not obsessed with
marketing enough. You need to be obsessed with marketing like Mr. Russell Brunson is obsessed with
marketing.
One of the reasons why investing in a system like ClickFunnels is a smart move is because it was
handcrafted by someone obsessed with marketing. It is not an accident that ClickFunnels has produced
hundreds of 2 Comma Club award winners over the past 5 years (including me).
It is a better system.
Let’s Get to Work
If I was tasked to use ClickFunnels to get 100 new clients for my local home service business, the path
would be pretty simple.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 121

--- PAGE 122 ---
In the following pages, I am going to walk you through the steps I would take to make this a reality.
However, first I need to establish some basic concepts as a foundation.
FOUNDATIONAL CONCEPTS
1: Lifetime Value
Most small home service businesses operate in a very “transactional” way.
They give a quote, do a job, and move on. This is normal for many people, but it is a mistake. We spend
too much time chasing dollars and not enough time chasing long lasting relationships. We sometimes
unintentionally treat our clients like one night stands rather than a long-term quality relationship.
I think it is due to a combination of fear and scarcity thinking, but regardless of why we do it, we need
to shift our focus.
You need to make sure you have a solid sales strategy and follow-up system in place to take your
customers through the entire journey of buying all of your services.
When done correctly, the lifetime value of a great new client is 8 to 10 times the value of their initial
transaction!
2: Max C.A.C.
What is your business’ maximum customer acquisition cost? In other words, how many dollars can
you invest to produce one brand new shiny customer and it still be worth it?
Figuring this number out is quite simple but it depends on what kind of services you offer. There are
two basic types of service business models:
TYPE 1: Repeat Service
You offer a repeat service, something your client pays you for over and over again.
Typically, this type of business will have a lower average ticket price, but the client is repeatedly paying
you over a long period of time. This could include services like lawn care, maid services, pest control,
child care and more.
To calculate your MAX C.A.C with a repeat service, look at two things:
• How much revenue is one client worth (on average) in one year?
• What is the average profit margin on one average client after paying all expenses?
For example, let’s say you mow lawns. Your average charge is $40 per job, and you do 30 jobs per year.
That means your average annual revenue value is $40 x 30, which is equal to $1,200.
Then, figure out how much money the business retains after paying all costs associated with the
service. Figure out your material costs, your labor, fuel, insurance, overhead, etc. In this example, I will
say that the average profit margin after all expenses is 25%.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 122

--- PAGE 123 ---
The last step is simple.
$1,200 in annual revenue x 25% profit margin = MAX C.A.C. of $300
What does this mean?
It means you could spend up to $300 to acquire a brand new shiny customer without losing money.
In addition to that you will have their business for years to come and keep 100% of the profits going
forward!
TYPE 2: One-Time Service
You offer a one time service - something that your client hires you for once. Then it is unlikely you will
see them again for many years.
Typically this type of business will have a much higher average ticket price, but the client is usually
only around for one transaction. This could include contractors, builders, flooring, swimming pool
installation, roofers, etc.
To calculate your MAX C.A.C with a one time service, look at three things:
• What is the average “ticket” price?
• What is the profit margin on one average client after paying all expenses?
• How much of the profit are you willing to give away to acquire a new client?
For example, let’s say you are a roofing company. Your average job is $15,000, and your profit margin
is 20%.
On average, you will put $3,000 in your pocket for each new client you acquire. How much of that
$3,000 are you willing to invest to get a new client?
It is up to you to decide, but you need to establish this number so you have a benchmark.
In this example, you could invest a maximum of $1,000 and retain $2,000.
To summarize, the MAX C.A.C.s of the two business types are:
• Repeat service: MAX C.A.C of $300
• One time service: MAX C.A.C of $1,000
3: The Value Ladder
One of the most impactful things I heard Russell say early on in my ClickFunnels journey was,“amateurs
focus on the front end but professionals focus on the back end.”
Russell is simply pointing out that trying to make all of your money on the very first transaction with a
new client cripples your ability to scale. This is a huge deal!
Local businesses looking to scale quickly using ClickFunnels need to understand what their “front end”
offer should look like.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 123

--- PAGE 124 ---
Russell Brunson is a master of what he calls the “value ladder”, and it is one of the secret weapons he
has used to scale such a massive company so quickly.
Using ClickFunnels to grow your local business is simple, but you must stop and think about what your
value ladder looks like.
Step 1 is to take your overall services and break them into different smaller chunks so you can create
a compelling “front end offer.”
I will refer back to my lawn care example from earlier. Let’s pretend these are all of the services that
ABC Lawncare offers:
SERVICE ANNUAL AVERAGE REVENUE
Driveway Edging $50
Hedge Trimming $300
Yard Debris Cleanup $800
Mowing $1,200
Fertilization $1,500
When looking at creating a value ladder for your services we want to list the services from lowest ticket
price to highest.
What is the easiest and simplest item that can be sold to a new prospect?
Typically, this will be one of the low ticket services. If you only offer one single service ask yourself,
“what is something small I can do for a new prospect that is low cost but high value?”
• Maid Service? Maybe a $20 one time 45 minute power clean.
• Roofer? Maybe a free roof inspection or report.
• Carpet Cleaner? Maybe a free or very low cost spot clean.
• Window Cleaner? Maybe 10 exterior windows cleaned for $99.
Make a list of potential front end offers for your home service company.
Remember, you do not need to get rich instantly. You simply need some juicy bait to get your foot in
the door.
THE PLAN
Now that we have established some basics, let’s get into the nuts and bolts of how I would get my next
100 clients using ClickFunnels.
The basic concept is this: I am going to use a variety of juicy front end offers to “hook” new potential
clients. Then, I will be creating ads and sending traffic to a hyper-targeted ClickFunnels page so I can
track conversions.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 124

--- PAGE 125 ---
Here is a list of the things I will need:
• Several potential front end offers to test
• A ClickFunnels landing page for each offer
• Specific copy for each ad and for my landing page
• Traffic
I will go through each of these items one by one in a moment. First, I want you to realize that your
website is failing you in so many ways because of how broad it is.
Imagine this, you want to drive in 25 new customers for a 4th of July promotion. You create some
amazing emails and killer ads with great pictures, but then what? You send that traffic to a website full
of general information or a boring “contact us” form.
I need a hyper-targeted landing page specific to my 4th of July offer! I need a fun headline, a little body
text, a list of benefits and urgency/scarcity.
Here is an example:
Welcome all Grill-Masters! We have a limited time deal to help you DOUBLE the
amount of time you get to spend on the grill this holiday week.
For your lawn to truly represent the greatness of America this 4th of July, you need
our Luxury Lawn and Landscaping Spruce up! Let us handle the dirty work while you
man the grill.
What you get for just $99 includes: Driveway and sidewalk edging, a fresh mowed lawn,
trimming and blowing included for free PLUS a free 5 page landscaping inspection
report.
We only have the capacity to handle 25 of these so don’t delay! Sign up now! Your
lawn and you both deserve this!
The reason this is so powerful is that it is simple. It works because it is based on a fundamental
marketing principle called hyper-targeting. When you have an ad with a very specific offer that leads to
a landing page with exactly the same theme, good things happen.
Plus, ClickFunnels is going to automatically track all of my clicks and my conversions! How cool is that?
Because I know my MAX C.A.C and my offers’ conversion rates, it is easy to discover which front end
offers are duds and which ones are home runs.
I have a decade of experience using direct mail and even now I own a software company dedicated to
helping small businesses crush it with direct mail in their local market. Want to know one of the big
secrets between the winners and the losers with direct mail?
Hyper-targeting.
Having simple and clear messaging, an irresistible offer and an urgent call to action is the recipe local
service businesses need.
Here is a step-by-step breakdown of the exact plan I will follow to acquire my 100 customers.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 125

--- PAGE 126 ---
STEP 1
Identify the first irresistible front end offer.
STEP 2
Write unique and fun ad copy and landing page copy including the following elements:
• Catchy headline (hook)
• Body text to add context
• List of benefits
• Urgency and/or scarcity (limited time, only 10 spots etc)
STEP 3
Create a simple landing page using ClickFunnels which is fun and focused 100% on the one single front
end offer from Step 1.
STEP 4
Create or find great images to use in the ad and on the landing page.
(In the lawncare example, I would be using images of flags, fireworks, grilling and some amazing before
and after photos of lawns.)
STEP 5
Repeat this process for each of the front end offers I want to test.
STEP 6
Start driving traffic to my ClickFunnels landing pages.
There are many ways to drive traffic. Here is the process I would follow.
Existing Client List
I would write an email sequence of 3 to 5 emails to send to my existing list telling them about my new
limited time offer. Each email would link to my landing page and would have a clear expiration date for
my offer.
I would send ringless voicemails or text messages to all of my clients reminding them to check their
email because we have a really incredible 4th of July special that they are going to want to know about.
Facebook (Personal Profile + Business Page)
I would post 3 times per day on both my personal and business page explaining how excited I was about
our limited time 4th of July “Luxury Lawn Spruce Up” special.
JO SHU A LATIMER | 126

--- PAGE 127 ---
I would focus on Facebook Live for at least one of them. For the other posts, I would use before and
after pictures or 4th of July related pictures.
I would make sure to ask people to like and share each post.
Facebook Ads
I would use Facebook ads to hyper-target the geographical areas where I have the most customers so
far.
I would use the same copy on multiple ads, but create variations with different images.
Local Publicity
I would find a public area to do a Luxury Lawn Spruce Up for free, like a park, playground, cemetery or
other public space.
I would also find 3 to 5 low income elderly couples and give them the Luxury Lawn Spruce Up for free
as well. I would talk about these giveaways on my Facebook Live videos and ask people to share my
posts. I would contact all of the local newspapers and TV stations and pitch them on covering our free
giveaways. I would document and take a lot of videos and pictures of our free giveaways. I have done
this in the past and it is VERY easy to get local publicity by contacting reporters directly. They are
always looking for fun heartwarming local stories.
Everything I have listed above could be set up and ready to go in less than a week’s time.
Remember that marketing spigot we talked about earlier? This is how I will get it gushing.
Quick Tip: Remember that your job is simply to take massive imperfect action. Getting hung up on the
perfect copy or the perfect background color on your landing page will slow you down and kill your
momentum.
STEP 7
Measure results, and record the data.
I will log into my ClickFunnels account and document the conversion rates each day and at the end of
my campaigns. I won’t look at the data emotionally. Rather, I will critically think through what may be
off or why people may not be buying.
If the first launch is a dud, that is ok. I have created additional front end offers to test.
For my lawn care example, if the 4th of July Luxury Lawn Spruce Up did not perform well, I would
simply begin setting up offer #2.
Maybe the #2 front end offer in this example could be for a National Chips And Salsa Day Special:
“Get your lawn mowed for $1 plus get a free bag of chips and salsa on your doorstep!”
Remember from the above MAX C.A.C calculations, I can spend up to $300 to acquire one customer
and still be 100% profitable building my business.
If it costs me $25 in labor (plus chips and salsa!) for each free mowing with this special deal, I can do
12 free mowings and only need to get one good client out of it!
JO SHU A LATIMER | 127

--- PAGE 128 ---
That one good client will eventually ascend up my value ladder and buy additional services, making
them potentially worth $3,850 a year in revenue if they buy all of the services my example company
offered. If that client stays with me for 6 years, that is a grand total of $21,300 in lifetime revenue from
one single client.
Remember, amateurs focus on the front end, and professionals focus on the back end.
ClickFunnels makes it easy to build these landing pages, and in most cases you can have one live in
only a few minutes. It is also easy to split test your copy and quickly make changes on the fly in only
seconds.
I have lived in both the brick and mortar local small business world and the online internet marketing
world, and I can tell you with certainty that ClickFunnels is the single greatest tool for online sales I have
ever seen.
ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS
I have personally coached over 1,000 home service business owners through one-on-one phone calls,
courses and live events over the past 5 years through one of my companies, Automate Grow Sell.
Being privileged to work with so many people just like you, helped me discover the simple truth of how
to win in business.
It really boils down to 2 simple items:
Community + Clarity = Your Ability to CONQUER
These 2 simple items must be in place for you to succeed in business, life or even just getting 100 new
clients using ClickFunnels. ClickFunnels provides you with both required items.
1. Community
One of the big secret weapons you’ll receive from using ClickFunnels is the community they provide.
ClickFunnels has over 200,000 small business owners, known as “funnel hackers”, just like you in their
free Facebook group at the time of this writing.
Funnel hackersare generous, smart, obsessed with learning and alwayssharing their new breakthroughs
in the Facebook group. The value of that community is immeasurable. If you get stuck on something,
the perfect people to help you are waiting inside of this group.
2. Clarity
This book is essentially an idea factory, and although ideas are fun, action wins the day. The aim of this
book is to get your gears turning and help give you clarity on your next steps using ClickFunnels.
Take bits and pieces from each chapter and turn it into a clear plan of action for yourself. Adapt the
concepts and ideas for your specific situation. Actually put your plan to paper so you can formalize it.
If you do this, when complete, you will have the required clarity to take the next step.
Don’t procrastinate until you think you have all of the answers to move forward. Just focus on getting
the initial clarity needed to start Step 1, and then go!
JO SHU A LATIMER | 128

--- PAGE 129 ---
Never in human history has it been easier than it is right now to build a business quickly.
Don’t watch from the sidelines.
Get in the game.
Your biggest fan,
Josh
JO SHU A LATIMER | 129

--- PAGE 130 ---
Krista Mashore
Owner/Broker/CEO of
Krista Mashore Coaching
Realtor, broker, best selling author, trainer, speaker, and coach Krista
Mashore developed a highly successful real estate career, having sold
over 2,000 homes in her career and being ranked in the Top 1% of
Realtors in the entire nation. Through her writing, coaching, speaking
and trainings, she shared the secrets to her success. Her innovative
approach flies in the face of conventional wisdom about how Realtors,
other professionals, and all business owners should promote and
market themselves. Krista lives in Northern California with her
husband and three children. An active member of her community, her
latest project is Teens Lifting Lives, a mentoring and peer support
group that gives young people the tools and encouragement they
need to achieve their own success.
KristaMashoreCoaching.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 130

--- PAGE 131 ---
Stand Out Like A GIANT In Your Market,
And Dominate Your Market In Record Time
Day 1: My Why and Goal Setting
First, before I do anything at all, I need to find out my “why.” What is going to motivate me to actually
go where I want to go?
I’m going to really focus on my “why” and set some “goals” to ensure I get there. I’m going to take this
step seriously knowing I’ll have a much higher success rate of implementing and achieving what it is
that I want if I do this step!
The thing I’ve learned is that no one ever gets anywhere if they don’t have a vision. You can’t get to
Omaha if you don’t have a vision of where Omaha is. You can’t bake a great birthday cake if you don’t
have a vision of what that cake looks and tastes like. You sure can’t create a great life for yourself if you
don’t know what that looks like either.
Digging Deeper Into Why
Now that I’ve answered that question, I want to go a little deeper to find my real motivation. For example,
I might have said, “I want to make more money.” Well, why do I want to make more money? “Because
I want to be able to have a little more financial security.” Well, why do I want to have more financial
security? “Well, I want to make sure that, if anything happens to my husband, I’m okay.” Now that’s a
pretty strong why.
I know getting 100 new clients or contacts is going to be challenging, so identifying my true “why” is
important. When I get frustrated and want to quit or give up, I won’t. I’ll push through because I know
my reasoning behind it.
I’ll think about where I am with my life right now. Asking some of these questions might help:
• How much business do I have?
• Where am I getting it from?
• How much do I want?
• What is my strategy now?
• What is my plan to increase my business?
I’ll be honest with myself, truly evaluating where I am now will help give me clarity. I’ll be able to see
more clearly what I really want. Looking back at my vision may help me with this. I need something to
compare to. I must remember: if I always do what I’ve always done, I’ll always get what I’ve always gotten.
Okay, so I have my baseline of where I am today. Now, I’ll ask myself, “If I could have my life look any way
I want it to, how would it look? If I could have my real estate dream job, live in my dream home wherever
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 131

--- PAGE 132 ---
I want to be in the world, have all the things I want, and be with the people I really want to be with, what
would my perfect life look like?”
I will think about all areas of abundance, not just money. What would this perfect life look like spiritually,
financially, my relationship with my spouse, my children, my friends and within the community? How
would I view myself and feel about myself? What would it look like in my vocation, my job or career?
How about my health, mentally, emotionally and physically? What could I be, do or have that would
bring my level of satisfaction and happiness to a 10?
Abundance is the whole spectrum of my world and the reality in which I live.When I talk about abundance,
please know I’m not just talking about money. I’m talking about the entirety of life, both inside and out
as a whole, not just in real estate. The way one feels about oneself, their accomplishments and where
they are in life are also a huge part of what I mean when speaking of abundance. As it has been said,
“Don’t trade happiness for money.” Sadly, too many people didn’t listen to that wisdom.
What does my perfect life look like? I’ll dream big when answering that question. Dreams can truly
become our reality if we take actionable steps on a consistent basis to get there. That’s what this book
is meant to help you do. We are primarily focusing on the business aspect of it, but where you see
yourself and being able to attain that epic life, has a lot to do with when, where, how you actually show
up in your business.
I will take the time to brainstorm and write down exactly what my vision for my new life is going to be.
Without a clear vision, it will be much harder to achieve my goals.
Goals
Setting goals is incredibly important in the real estate business, and I need to treat it just like that: a
business. A goal is a specific result I want to create. A goal might be, “I will sell 60 units in the next 12
months.” That’s a good, clear goal. It makes some of my specific action steps obvious:
I need to be working directly with buyers and sellers. I need to show up exactly where they are. I need
to be seen, to be heard and to be known as soon as possible. I need to align myself with the correct
partners, (e.g. preferred lender, title reps, home inspectors, appraisers). I need to find a company to
work for that has a good reputation and get my license hung. I need to expose myself quickly to the
masses. I need to be seen and positioned as the authority in the area.
I need both long term (five years) and short term (monthly and weekly) goals to keep moving forward.
If I just set long term goals, I won’t be as motivated to complete them. Right now I am in survival mode,
so I need clear cut goals which dictate exactly what each day will look like over the next 30 days. The
shorter the timeframe when setting goals, the more likely I will meet them. When something is too
far out in the future, I feel no urgency to get it done. Like most people, I’ll just keep putting off doing
anything about it. Weekly and monthly goals will keep me accountable and keep me focused. Since I
am going for 100 new clients, I’ll need to be precise about my goal over the next few months, weeks
and days. The other thing about short term goals is that they give me wins along the way. Long term
goals are a marathon, not a sprint. My ultimate vision of what I want to create won’t happen overnight,
so I need to have smaller, short term goals which help me feel like I’m getting somewhere and making
progress. Success breeds success, so I will celebrate my wins.
I’ll start by laying out my monthly goals. On a 3”x5” card, I will write: “By the end of the month, I will have
accomplished these primary objectives/goals.” Then, I will fill in the weekly goals for the month: “Within
the first week I will have accomplished X, Y, Z.” Then I will do this for the second, third, and fourth week
so that by the end of the month, my macro (larger) goal is complete.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 132

--- PAGE 133 ---
It’s also very important to have daily goals. Each day, I will write down 6 things that I absolutely must
get done. When I get them done, I will pat myself on the back and celebrate my success. I will put the
hardest items first on my list and timeblock in my calendar when I will do each of the items. I should be
working at minimum a 10 hour day. 6.5 hours should be items on my list that must be accomplished.
The other 3.5 hours are for things that come up in the day that are unexpected, checking emails,
picking up kids, and more.
What I won’t do is beat myself up if I am not able to get done what I hoped to accomplish each day.
Things come up that take precedence and priority over my goals. I’ll just move that goal over to the
next day and pat myself on the back for all I’ve accomplished, but I will pay attention to these goals to
ensure I’m always moving forward with what I need to have accomplished by the end of the month. I’m
in a marathon, not a sprint. Rome wasn’t built in a day, right? But, for the sake of the next 100 days, I
am in a little bit of a sprint, and I need to get my mindset around exactly what I will do over the next 100
days to ensure my success. I am going to be very precise and intentional about everything that I do.
Here are a few examples of things that may go into my daily plan, but it is not limited to this list alone.
Personal Daily Tasks
Wake up each morning, give thanks, and show gratitude for everything that I have in my life.
Visualize my day and see myself succeeding. I know that I need to get my mind right. I get what I think,
so I keep my mind positive at all times. Even when it gets hard and I want to quit, I keep pushing.
Visualize what my day will look like the next day. If I can, I try to write out my 6 items I need to get done
for the next day and time block them. Doing this in the evening is helpful but hard, so if I can’t do it in
the evening for the next day, I will do it in the morning.)
Give myself permission to dream and get what it is that I need while I’m sleeping.
Read my manifesto. I know this is imperative because, coming from nothing, I need to get my mind in
check and ensure I am focused on my outcome: SUCCESS!
Daily Business Tasks
Post free, useful quality content daily on my Facebook page that will help position me as an authority
figure. My goal is to get my content to be so helpful and useful that it is shared and liked many times. I
also want tons of engagement on it. This will help with organic reach.
Record 3 videos per week (not including home videos, those are additional) and run ads to each video.
Add value and serve; don’t sell. Research and know anything and everything about my community and
share that knowledge through video to position myself as the expert authority. My goal is to ensure
that if anyone thinks about anything community or real estate related in my area, they think “Krista.”
Go the extra mile in everything that I do.
Add these videos into my ClickFunnels funnels, and direct the traffic from the video content that is
created into the “funnel” I have running for the month.
Send 10 personalized video text messages and emails to everyone I meet, past clients and those within
my sphere of influence. Be as consistent as possible in everything that I am doing. Never ask for a
referral; just give a compliment or recognize something that they have achieved. (Checking out their
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 133

--- PAGE 134 ---
social media sites helps me gain knowledge of what to take note of when sending these personalized
videos out.)
Know what’s going on in my market. Study the MLS. Know what’s being reduced or listed in my target
markets. Always have a few specific homes in mind in each price range so when people call I sound
knowledgeable.
Get out in the community. Being seen and immersing myself into the community and its culture is
vital. Daily I need to block out time to be involved in some type of community event so I am seen. This is
going to be tough because I’m busy, but I have to be seen so that when I run my campaigns and funnels,
people start putting my face with the ads and funnels that I’m running. There is no replacement for
me and the relationships I build with people. Explore things like the Chamber of Commerce, interest
groups (moms, wine, sports, business), BNI group etc.
Commit to the 8 C’s to a Complete Sales System:
1. Commit
2. Content
3. Consistently
4. Convert
5. Connect
6. Complete
7. Cycle
8. Circle (Full Sales Circle)
Breaking that down. I know if I commit to creating content consistently that I will convert my leads.
I have to continue to connect with them through continually and consistently creating the content I
know will develop a connection with them. If I am committed to completing this cycle over and over, I
know I will have a complete full sales cycle.
Commit to the Full Circle Sales Process. Getting leads is the easy part utilizing my ClickFunnels account
and funnels, I need to also focus on all phases, 2 through 5, because that’s where the true money will
come in. The sales process isn’t just about getting leads.
I need to focus on the 5 phases of the sales process:
• Generating the leads
• Nurturing the leads
• Converting the leads
• Giving them a 5-star experience, knocking their socks off once they are a client
• Refer, Retain, Resell
• Request reviews
Follow up constantly with my leads. This is an ongoing process, and the lead nurturing phase of my
business is one of the most important. That’s why my Facebook retargeting is going to be so important
because I am inadvertently prospecting through my Facebook campaigns at all times.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 134

--- PAGE 135 ---
Day 2
Now I have my ‘why’, vision and goals. It’s time to rock it out!
First, I will ensure that I have my branding guidelines on point. I will choose colors and the overall theme
of how I want my brand to be perceived. I’m going to search for ‘wedding palettes’ on Pinterest so I
know I’m using colors that go together and compliment each other. It’s imperative to stick with that
branding throughout all of my social media, marketing, websites and more.
This information on branding could be an entire book. Branding is much more than just colors and a
picture. My brand defines who I am, how I run my business and the clients I want to attract, so I will put
effort into this. Truly knowing who my client is and what niche I want to focus on will save me marketing
dollars in the future.
Next, I will pick and define my niche. I won’t get intimidated or afraid to do this. Just because I“specialize”
in a certain niche doesn’t mean people won’t come to me outside of this niche. Rather, it ensures that
when people need a property in the niche that you specialize in, you will at least come to mind. Here
are a few examples of niches:
• homes on the water
• riverfront homes
• rural homes
• high rise studios
• specializing in a certain community or neighborhood
• luxury homes
• homes on the delta
• homes close to fast water
• secondary homes
• lifestyle homes
• investment homes
• first time buyers
• move up buyers/sellers
• REO/Foreclosure specialist
• dual family homes
• the millennial buyer
• retirement communities
• certain subdivisions
• condos
• horse properties
• land
I can really define my niche, and it’s something I’m going to have to do some work later on in the month.
I will eventually create specific funnels with Clickfunnels for each niche that I identify, so I will put some
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 135

--- PAGE 136 ---
effort and thought into this now, picking something that I love so it won’t seem like work.
Next, I will choose my slogan. Currently in my business, mine is: “When you do what you love, people
love what you do.” Other examples could be: “Serving, Selling, Smiling” or “From my heart to your home.”
After that, I will find a professional photographer to take photos of the community so that I can utilize
them for my marketing materials. I want it to look like I’m immersed in the community as if I’m a
native. I’ll also ensure I have an updated photo of myself to use on all of my marketing materials. These
include, but aren’t limited to: my Facebook page, website, business cards, brochures, flyers, Instagram,
signs, and more. I’ll need to find a professional photographer to take 6 to 10 photos of me.
I’ll need some “clear cut” pics of myself, so I will have some photos taken with a blank or solid color
background. This will make the backgrounds easier to remove. To do that, I will open an account with the
online tool “Clipping Magic.” Once the background in my photos is removed, I can place my remaining
image onto a variety of backgrounds to use in my marketing pieces.
I’ll also open an account with Stencil or Canva so I can create Facebook Ads, email banners, and other
cool marketing pieces that will go in my funnels. This will ensure that my social media content looks
more appealing and gets more attention. The more eyes, the better!
Finally, I will create my business card and print them myself or have them sent to Vista Print or
OverNightPrints.com to be printed. I will hand these out everywhere I go when exploring the town.
Anyone I meet from the server at a restaurant to the dry cleaner I use will get a card from me. I will
make sure my business cards direct recipients to my Hero Funnel so they can get to know, like and
trust me.
Day 3
On Day 3, I will focus on testimonials and social proof. I would go back to past clients (they don’t have
to live in your current neighborhood) and ask them to give me testimonials about their prior service
with me. Video testimonials are preferred if I can get them.
Social proof shows other potential buyers that I provide excellent service, know my stuff and am an
expert. I know this is a must and will give me a competitive edge, especially since I may not know
anyone in my new community yet.
Once I have received the testimonials, here is all that I will do with them (using people’s pictures helps
and give the user the feeling that they are a “real” review):
1. Ensure they are on my website.
2. Get as many on Zillow, Realtor.com, Yelp, my Facebook business page, etc.
3. Put testimonials on any marketing materials that I have.
4. Put testimonials in my funnels built with ClickFunnels.
A fast and easy way to get testimonials quickly and entice my past clients to want to give me a review
is to run a contest. I will let them know that I am doing a drawing for anyone who gives a review. Each
time I get a review from them on Yelp, Zillow, Facebook or other platform, I’ll enter their name into a
drawing to win a gift card. I previously did this using an iPad as a prize and got about 30 reviews within
a two week time period.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 136

--- PAGE 137 ---
Next, I will set up all of my social media profiles on the major platforms: Facebook, Instagram, YouTube
and LinkedIn. It’s impossible to master all of these sites initially, so I will choose one to master, moving
on to another only after I have mastered the first. Then, once I move to the next platform, I will learn
the new platform but not stop doing everything I did on the first platform. My first focus would be on
Facebook, and then I’d move to Instagram. The campaigns that I am running on Facebook can also be
run on Instagram.
Finally, I will take a break from the computer and get out there and meet people. I’ll wear my name tag
everywhere I go so people start to put my face with my name. I’ll continue to do my daily tasks (see list above).
Day 4
I will set up a landing page inside my ClickFunnels account that I can send my prospects to. Clickfunnels,
in my opinion, is the easiest way to set up a landing page, so I’m going to create a simple landing page
for now just to have something out there. Later on I can add to it and make it more robust.
I also know it’s super important to have a pixel on my new website so I can track who’s visiting my
website and then have the ability to remarket to them. It is also imperative to have a pixel so when they
go to my landing page, I know what they are doing once they get there.
I will set up a business page on Facebook for myself and ensure that my branding is on point from
above.
Next, I will create an ads manager account through Facebook to run all of my ads and videos on.
Running ads through my ads manager account will also allow me the ability to target my market and
to retarget my prospects.
Finally, I will go to Fiverr.com and find fast and inexpensive people to whom I can outsource my video
editing and lead magnet creation (which I will utilize in my campaigns and funnels). I will look for
someone who is good at editing videos and someone who is good with graphics. They most likely will
be two different people. This way I am not wasting my time editing videos or doing the creative part of
creating my marketing materials in the future.
Day 5
Now it is time to record my videos. All I need is a camera on a phone, so I don’t need to stress too much
over this. I need to position myself as the expert in town. Getting people to know, like and trust me is
imperative. My goal is to become the expert authority of both real estate and anything community
related. My goal is to get people in my new town to think about me when they think about real estate.
I will be giving them pure value and content on a consistent basis about anything community or real
estate-related.
I really want to brand myself quickly, so I will create a minimum of 3 videos a week and run a Facebook
ad campaign for each of them to drive viewers back to my funnel. I will use the “reach” objective. This
will allow me to get my videos in front of as many people as possible on all of the videos in the beginning.
I will change my objective depending on how quickly my reach grows on Facebook. I will also use other
objectives using the same video to ensure that I am being seen as often as possible. This is imperative
to develop a relationship with my community. I will do videos about the community, such as new things
to do and local hot spots. I’ll spend this day writing my scripts, checking out the city, finding local hot
spots of where/what I can do my videos on.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 137

--- PAGE 138 ---
My goal is to do one real estate-related video (tips and tricks), one niche video related to my specific
niche I’ve chosen to dominate, and one community-related video.
There needs to be a good mix of community-related videos as well as real estate specific videos. Here
are a few examples of real estate videos I could do:
• 3 Tips to Maximize The Sale of Your Home
• 7 of the Deadliest Mistakes Buyers Make
• Credit Repair Must’s
• How the Absorption Rate Dictates What You Should Price Your Home For
• Interest Rates Are Increasing and How That Affects a Buyer/Seller
Here are some community-related video examples:
• Interviewing a local restaurant owner
• New things to do or try depending on the season
• Local hot spots
• Best places to take your sweetie on a date
• Best happy hour places
• Meals under $10.00 in the area
• Best dog parks
These videos will be continually running.
If my niche is “waterfront homes,” here are some examples of real estate videos that I could do:
• The difference in location in proximity to fast water
• The best type of exposure to look out for when buying a waterfront home
• How to properly care for a waterfront home
I want to become an expert in my niche and constantly be giving advice and tips. This is so essential
because it will enhance your SEO (search engine optimization). When people search for “waterfront
homes,” I want to show up in their search results.
Day 6
Today, I will create a landing page and market it through my Facebook Ads Manager by using videos I’ve
recorded and first posted to my business page.
I post the videos first on my business page. Then, I’ll pull the ad from there and run the ad through my Ads
Manager account. This will ensure that I can use the same video and then easily change the objective.
I’ll create retargeting ads, bringing people down my funnel. The more a lead engages with my ads and
goes to the bottom of the funnel, the more likely that they are a buyer who is ready to buy or a seller
who is ready to sell.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 138

--- PAGE 139 ---
I will continue to create videos around my niche. Remember, I may have more than one niche. The more
information and content I put out into the world regarding a specific niche, the more likely I’ll “show
up” when people are searching online. For example, I brand myself as a specialist on homes on deep
water in Discovery Bay (DB). In my first video, I could explain how homes on deep water in DB differ
from homes that are not on the deep water. In a second video, I could explain how and why homes with
eastern exposure sell for more money. In my third video, I could detail how homes that are closer to
fast water sell for more money and more quickly. In a fourth video, I could discuss which are the best
and closest restaurants in DB and how to get to them by boat. I’ll do this exact format above with 2 to
3 niches that I choose.
Today I will also create several lead magnets to advertise using funnels within my ClickFunnels account.
I will run ads behind them to generate more leads. My goal in using a lead magnet is to offer something
of value like a PDF, video with tips and tricks, or free guides to my targeted audience. Initially, I’ll just
give all of this information away for free until I develop a relationship with my community and earn
their trust. Once I’ve done that, I’ll continue to offer content and information but then ask for the lead’s
contact information. I know it is essential to first gain their trust prior to asking them to give me any of
their information. Once I do this, they will be more willing to give me their contact information.
Day 7
On Day 7, I will join as many local community Facebook groups as possible. Doing so will give me online
spaces where I can give as much value as possible. I will be helping and serving others in these groups,
not selling. I will spend at least an hour each day posting and commenting within as many of these
groups as possible. I want to get my name out there, and there is no better way to do this than in
Facebook groups.
Next, I will create a YouTube channel. I will post the videos I have recorded on my YouTube channel
each time I make them from this point forward. This will also help me with search engine optimization
through Google when people run searches. I pay special attention to how I describe each video and
how I title each video on YouTube so that the video will come up when people do searches.
I will also run paid ads on Instagram, which is getting a lot of traction right now because the ad cost is
very affordable. All of the ads that I create on Facebook will provide the option to me to run them on
Instagram as well, which I will do.
Finally, I will research information for videos that will be recorded on Day 8.
Day 8
On Day 8, I will create “buyer and seller guides” which I can give to prospective people that I meet from
my marketing endeavors. I can and will also use these guides to give away when people opt into my
landing pages and funnels.
I will choose a good customer relationship management (CRM) software also. (Today I personally use
Realvolve.) I know this is important because soon I am going to be running massive campaigns and
generating hundreds of leads. I need to ensure that my leads are put on action plans and have follow
up campaigns. I don’t want to risk even one lead getting away from me. I will use Zapier to get my leads
from my Facebook campaigns into my CRM automatically.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 139

--- PAGE 140 ---
Day 9
Day 9 is all about preparing for a “Buyers and Sellers Seminar.”
I will create a home seller seminar funnel, driving traffic through a video series and inviting people to
the event. (I will plan to record the video of me teaching the seminar to use later and run an evergreen
buyer/seller seminar funnel.)
I will run this ad for 7 days prior to the actual event. I will use Zapier to ensure that my leads that come
in through my Facebook ad go directly into my CRM and are automatically given the information about
the seminar. I will then put them on the Buyer/Seller workflow in my CRM.
Here is the list of steps involved in setting up my seminar:
1. Determine time and location
2. Prepare slides for presentation
3. Create Facebook ads to drive traffic
4. Create the Buyer/Seller seminar funnel in ClickFunnels
5. Set up CRM to automatically send out the videos and reminders to attendees
6. Create a video explaining what to expect for the Buyer/Seller seminar
7. Create a “thank you” video to show leads who register for the seminar
8. Create a reminder video reminding them of the event and sending it out the day before
9. Create sign in sheet to have available for the presentation
Days 10-11
On Days 10 and 11, I will create an “Open House List” Facebook ad to run over the weekend from
Thursday to Sunday. This will be something like:
Click below to get your FREE list of open homes in Discovery Bay!
Leads will give me their name and phone number in order to get this list. From past experience, I know
I should be able to get anywhere from 39 to 61 people requesting this list. BOOM! I’m in business. I’ll
make sure I use Zapier to ensure that the leads that I’m generating from my ad are going directly into
my CRM so I can contact them immediately. I will keep in constant contact with them and put them on
a proper workflow.
I can also duplicate this process with a lead magnet and ad that answers the question, “What is my
home worth?”: Why would I do that? I know that people who are requesting an open house list are most
likely active buyers, but I also know that homeowners who are requesting to learn their home value are
thinking of selling. These two lead magnets and ads allow me to reach both sides of the market.
Day 12
I will call, text, email, and send video messages to all of the leads requesting the open house list and
‘What’s my home worth?’ I will not give up on any of these leads and will continue to call and offer my
help, guidance and support until they tell me to stop calling them. The average agent stops trying to
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 140

--- PAGE 141 ---
get in touch with a lead after two touch points. I know it takes an average of twelve times (study done
from Harvard), so I will not stop until they tell me to stop calling them. I know that I should pick up a
minimum of 3 buyers over the next 21 days. Again, with all of the ads I run, I make sure that my leads
are running right into my CRM so I don’t lose track of them and continue to make constant contact and
communication.
I will also hand deliver a Current Market Analysis to any of the prospective sellers that requested a CMA.
They will also get a copy emailed to them, but I know that by hand delivering a CMA in a beautifully well
put-together package, I will make traction with the sellers.
Day 13
I’ll run around town again getting myself familiar with neighborhoods. I need to immerse myself in
the community. I need to know what so-called “nicer” areas are and why. I’ll use my MLS to identify
different price ranges so I am familiar with all of the different price ranges that there are in the area.
One of my daily “to-do’s” is getting to know different price ranges for homes and knowing what’s been
reduced or what is new. This will give me a chance to actually see the areas and homes I’m familiarizing
myself with. I will continue to do this weekly or biweekly if needed.
Day 12-14
Days 12 to 14 should include video repurposing. I will go back to all of my videos and repurpose them.
I will do these steps each time I do a video, and they should be added into my workflow in the future.
The videos can be used individually on landing pages made through ClickFunnels as well as on a funnel
for a specific topic, such as buyer/seller seminar funnels, home evaluation funnels, open house list
funnels, specialty list funnels, credit repair funnels, seller funnels, buyer funnels, and more.
Here are the steps I would include in my workflow to ensure I was repurposing my videos properly:
1. Send video to Rev.com. It costs $1.00 per minute to get my videos transcribed.
Truthfully, this should have already been done because I want the captions to show
up on the videos that I am playing on Facebook and other platforms).
2. Post the video’s transcription on Facebook as longform posts. Use lots of emojis.
3. Post video to YouTube.
4. Post video on Instagram as a paid campaign.
5. Post video on Facebook as a paid campaign.
6. Upload video onto my website to help with SEO to ensure I am showing up in
search results.
7. Upload the transcription of the videos onto my website.
8. Create a landing page using ClickFunnels which features the video.
Day 15-30
From this point on, I will rinse and repeat all of the steps above. Everything to do with videos and
Facebook I know I need to do 3x per week to stay in front of my community and be seen as the expert.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 141

--- PAGE 142 ---
My mission is to continue running ads, creating funnels, creating landing pages, and using video to
establish myself as the expert, showing up to the masses, and giving as much value as possible.
I also should be working with a few buyers by this point showing them properties as well as a few
sellers. I’m meeting with sellers from the “what’s my home worth?” ad campaign I ran previously and
listing their homes. I know that anything and everything that I do for my homes is a reflection of me and
how I do business, so I go ALL out on everything that I produce.
I will continue to get more testimonials. It doesn’t look good to have a bunch of testimonials and reviews
all at one time but then not continue to get them. This is something I need to continue to do regularly.
Day 18
I will run my Buyer/Seller Seminar. I will get to my location early to ensure the audio and video setup is
working properly and remember to record the entire event.
When it’s over, I will send out video “thank you’s” to all attendees. I will set up everyone on a workflow
in my CRM to ensure there is further communication and follow up. I will then write and send out thank
you cards to all attendees. I will work on Cumulative Market Analysis and Absorption Rate information
on each of the attendees who were sellers and drop it off to them in person the next day.
Day 19-20
I will drop off and email all CMA’s that were done on Day 18 to the sellers who were attendees. I will take
the recordings from the seminar and put it into an actual training and make an amazing video training
of the event to run an evergreen webinar.
Day 21
I will create 3 more videos surrounding another niche that is different than the one I chose earlier. I will
run ad campaigns, create funnels and landing pages for each video. I’ll remember my video content
repurposing workflow and put all videos on my website along with the transcriptions.
Day 22-100
At this point I am now working with clients from all of the ads and funnels that I’ve been running. I will
continue regularly to do all of the items above, then rinse and repeat them: creating videos, running
ads, ensuring everything is in my CRM, setting workflows, calling back clients, dropping off CMA’s,
responding to leads and calling them until they tell me to STOP!
I am in action at this point, so setting up a schedule and ensuring that I follow it is imperative. Now
I’m working. I’m showing homes, going on listing appointments. I’m getting contracts signed. Now, to
ensure that I don’t have the ebb and flow of business, I need to ensure I don’t quit doing what got me
busy in the first place. That is why I ensure I continue doing my list of daily tasks. If I keep doing this,
rinsing and repeating all the steps above, I will be the community market leader before I know it.
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 142

--- PAGE 143 ---
Final Thoughts
Utilizing this process I’ve been able to close on average well over 100 homes a year with our best year
at 169 closed homes. This was not a huge team. This was done through just myself, a transaction
coordinator and an assistant. Now that my focus is on training and coaching, my business model is
different and I have help, but this can be done without a huge team. It takes a massive amount of action,
time and dedication to complete the process, though. Once you’re well known enough, your phone will
be ringing, and you won’t have to do prospecting. Notice that in my plan there was no mention of open
houses, door knocking and cold calling. These are digital marketing strategies that are relevant to the
21st century.
But remember, the sales process isn’t just about getting leads. Success requires attention be given to
all 5 phases of the sales process. Many people are so focused on lead generation in phase 1 that the
rest suffers. The 5 phases are:
• Generating the leads
• Nurturing the leads
• Converting the leads
• Giving them a 5-star experience, knocking their socks off when they are a client
• Refer, Retain, Resell
As a salesperson, you need to be conscious of all of the phases of the sales process. If one is off, then
you are losing money. Identifying the pro’s and con’s of each is what ultimately will ensure that you
have a longstanding business that will withstand any storm.
Continue to put a budget behind your funnels. Give as much value as possible and continue to retarget
buyers and sellers when they come into your funnels so you don’t lose them. You want to continue to
stay top of mind.
Give it the time it takes. Rome wasn’t built overnight. As much as this plan is great and should get you
rolling, we all know that it takes time. I find that it takes about 4 to 5 months of being super dedicated
and consistent to gain your watermark on your community. Don’t stop running your funnels, ads and
videos on month three because you don’t see the results right away. Your business model needs to be
like a marathon. You need to give it the time and dedication it takes and deserves. Stay consistent, and
push forward. By month 4 to 6, you’ll see so much momentum in your business that you won’t know
what to do with yourself.
Consistency is your friend! Never quit. Don’t stop doing the things that got you busy in the first place.
Be a master of your day and of your time. Be intentional. Learn, implement, master, repeat!
KRIS TA MA SHORE | 143

--- PAGE 144 ---
Mike Arce
CEO of Loud Rumor
Mike Arce is the founder and CEO of Loud Rumor, an agency
that’s served over 1,400 fitness studios and wellness
companies throughout the world. After spending seven
years in the fitness industry himself, Mike started an ad
agency in 2009, and in 2016 he began exclusively working
with fitness studios and wellness companies. Mike is also
the host of a top fitness business podcast, The GSD Show,
a top entrepreneur podcast, The GOAT Show, and of a top
fitness studio business conference, GSDCON.
LoudRumor.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 144

--- PAGE 145 ---
Get Up To 100 Fitness Studio Clients
Or Leads In 100 Days
After working with almost 2,000 fitness studios throughout the world, I’ve learned that most strategies
work the same whether you’re based in the USA, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, or anywhere else.
Getting 100 clients in 100 days without using traditional marketing isn’t easy, but it’s definitely possible.
In fact, I know it is, as I’ve seen quite a few of our most successful fitness studio clients surpass this
goal throughout the last few years. I’ve actually been a part of studios gaining over 500 members
inside of 3 months!
Now, I’m going to break down my step-by-step process on how to do it.
The Story
First, I have to break down the story of my studio.
What’s my studio about? What makes it unique? Can members and prospects easily explain the
concept to friends and family members? Doing so allows me to double or triple the return I’ll get on the
marketing strategies shown later in this chapter. How can that be? While getting a person to sign up is
great, it’s much better if they bring in friends with them so I can lower my overall acquisition cost and
spend more on marketing to get more members.
Orangetheory Fitness is a great example of a company that does “story” well. It’s really easy for an
average person to explain Orangetheory Fitness to a friend. My cousin (who knows nothing about the
fitness business and JUST joined Orangetheory) described it this way:
“It’s called Orangetheory because everyone wears heart rate monitors while working out, and the results
are displayed on screens around the studio. The section that shows your heart rate changes color from
blue to green to orange to red throughout class depending on how fast your heart is beating. The goal is
to be in the orange zone for around 15-20 minutes, as that zone will burn the most fat while in class AND
after you leave. It’s called the ‘afterburn’, and it can last for up to 48 hours after class is over.”
Now, I know that’s not verbatim how Orangetheory explains it, but it definitely helps the friend of the
storyteller understand the story of the fitness studio quickly and feel comfortable joining.
F45 Training is similar in their ability to convey their main concept quickly. F45 stands for functional
training in a 45 minute workout. No two workouts are ever the same, and you hop from zone to zone
with a friend or workout partner throughout the class to keep you motivated and on track.
Here is another. CYCLEBAR is a cycle studio that hosts classes in a bar or nightclub-type atmosphere.
It’s dark. Music is blasting, and the music videos are playing on HUGE monitors to get you going
throughout the class. You also have leaderboards displaying stats from the class participants so you
can see where you stand in relation to others (especially great for the competitive types).
There are so many great concepts out there that I’ve seen get an edge on other studios simply because
MIKE AR CE | 145

--- PAGE 146 ---
it’s easy for them to convince their friends to join them in class. If I can do this in my studio, I can
increase my return on investment each time I make a sale.
My Ideal Member
It is crucial to know who my ideal member is. If I’m going to target females only (or mainly), then the
verbiage in my ads is very different than if I also wanted to appeal to men. Most men don’t get excited
about ads that promise to “build your booty” or “build tone, slender arms and legs.”
My friend Rick Mayo likes to target people that are over 45 years old. Like Rick, I’ve learned that the age
demographics that stay with studios the longest are in the 45+ group. In fact, this is the average length
of time members stick with a studio dependent on age based on our research:
• 21 - 24 years old: 3 months
• 25 - 34 years old: 7 months
• 35 - 44 years old: 11 months
• 45+ years old: 14 months+
I hear many studios mention they want to find a way to appeal to the younger audience, assuming
they’ll be with them longer. I believe this is purely based on the idea that they have a longer remaining
time to live.
The truth is that younger groups like to experience new things and bounce around. The older groups
seem to be more attracted to stability and consistency.
Since Rick is going after an older audience, he knows that when he runs ads, the women in his images
and videos need to look this way. They can’t be 23 year old women that look like they’re preparing to go
to Cancun for spring break. They need to look like the average 45+ year old, only with a happy, positive
attitude while working out.
This not only goes for the main person in the image or video but the people in the background as well.
I remember I once had a fitness studio ask me to review their ads. They were trying to target women,
and in the background of the ad image they were using, there were two men with their shirts off who
were also quite muscular. They wrongly assume that women might go to a studio just to check out the
good looking guys, but that isn’t the case. Rather, this can be very intimidating. Once we switched out
those images for ones which included people more like their ideal audience members, we saw an
increase in click-through rate and decrease in cost per lead.
My Offer
The offer is usually the most important factor in getting people to respond to my ads on platforms like
Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Google Display, Google Ads, and Waze (the platforms we spend the
most time on when running ads for our clients). Whenever an ad isn’t performing as well, I usually look
to adjust the offer before anything else.
There’s a difference in the narrative I hear studio owners with little to no real sales training say versus
studio owners that truly understand and study sales.
MIKE AR CE | 146

--- PAGE 147 ---
It goes like this:
Studio Owner WITHOUT Real Sales Training
“I don’t run free offers. It devalues our service and attracts tire kickers and freeloaders. I
want people that are serious about working out and can afford our services. Free offers
allow them to have no skin in the game and take everything way less seriously.”
Studio Owner WITH Real Sales Training
“I don’t care what you offer. Just get bodies in the door that live within a few miles of our
studio. We’ll take it from there.”
Some of you may be disagreeing with this. If that’s you, you’re probably in the group that doesn’t have
and practice real sales training.
Free offers don’t devalue your service. They allow people to experience your service risk free. If your
service is as valuable as you say it is, people will want to buy it. Plain and simple.
The same people that “don’t have money”, according to less skilled salespeople, usually have a $1,000
phone, a smart watch, and flat screen televisions in their houses. People will pay for what they want.
The question is, do they want your program?
Everyone wants to be in better shape. I don’t care who you are. I’m willing to bet that even Arnold
Schwarzenegger in his prime would have wanted to have a little more muscle or a little less fat if he
could.
Everyone in your 5 mile radius wants to be in better shape, and mostly everyone in your area could
afford you if they just stopped some of the opposing habits that keep them from having excess income,
such as eating out often, eating fast food, drinking, watching Netflix, etc. The question is, are all of
those places better at selling to your prospect than you? If so, then you have a sales problem.
Getting 100 members in 100 days takes great marketing and also a strong ability to sell the leads that
the marketing drives. Be sure to value this part of your process.
Also, remember this when saying, “I want to target people that have money and want to get in better
shape.” People with money that want anything don’t wait for an ad to make them an offer. They just go
get it.
I have money, and I have 2 gym memberships. I can’t imagine any ad or any offer that would get me to
make the effort to go and check out your studio when I’ve already solved my problem. In fact, I don’t
even think I’d notice your ad if it came up on my feed because it’s not a pain point at all.
However, people with little money notice the words “free”, and we already know everyone wants to be
in better shape.
So far, that all sounds like theory. So, let’s talk numbers.
On average, fitness studios I work with that spend $500 on ads generate an average of 90 leads when
running a free week offer.
The best paid offer I run is the “30 for 30”, 30 days of studio access for $30. That paid offer promoted
with the same $500 ad budget generates around 30 leads.
MIKE AR CE | 147

--- PAGE 148 ---
The free offer generates 3 times as many leads! You may be thinking, “but the paid leads are better,
right?” Wrong. It depends on the skill set of the studio.
The most successful studios I’ve worked with rarely run paid offers. They almost exclusively run free
week offers and free session offers. Some have even offered 2 free weeks or even free month offers!
Why? All they care about is getting real bodies in the door. The more, the better. Once people come to a
studio, they can get on a phone or email list, and the studio can follow up consistently. They trust their
sales process and execution very much.
Those that don’t know how to sell settle for less leads, and those that are a bit further down the funnel.
It’s the only way they’ll get business - if they get lay downs.
Here is a list of the top 7 most successful offers in order:
• Free Week
• Free Two Weeks
• Free Session
• Free 2 Sessions
• 30 for $30
• 5 for $5
• First Month $39/mo! $199/mo
MY FUNNEL
I use and love ClickFunnels. I run every single campaign with this incredible software.
Here’s the way my funnel works:
Step 1: Campaign
I build several paid ad campaigns on platforms like Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Google Display, and
Waze. I categorize them by offers. This means each offer has its own unique campaign and is titled this
way. Retargeting/remarketing campaigns will be separated out as well.
Step 2: Ad Set / Ad Group
Depending on my budget, I will create 1 to 4 different ad sets or ad groups and break them up based on
targeting. If my studio has a small budget, I will just run one ad set targeting, such as females, 25-55
years old that live within 5 miles of the fitness studio. If my studio has a larger budget, I will split up the
targeting in pieces and break up the ad sets this way.
NOTE: I’ve learned that targeting females converts 4x better than targeting to males. This means if I
spend $400 to generate 100 female leads, that same campaign and budget would only generate about
25 male leads. I’m not going to worry about having a studio filled with only women. Men will find their
way in. Also, women are more likely to bring in spouses and friends than men are. I will definitely notice
a higher percentage of female members if I only target females, however I will hit my goals much, much
faster. If I only have 100 days to gain 100 members, this is a great strategy.
MIKE AR CE | 148

--- PAGE 149 ---
Step 3: Ads
Within each ad set, I will run at least 2 competing ads (A/B testing) to see which perform the best.
When doing A/B testing, the competing ads will be identical with the exception of one variable. After
spending about $50, I can begin to see which version performs the best. Once that happens, I then
pause the losing ad, duplicate the winning ad, and change a different variable. Then, I rinse and repeat.
Examples of variables that I will change are:
• Headline
• Copy
• Image
• Video
• Description
• CTA
• Offer
• Display URL
When writing the copy, I like to make sure I include the following:
• Specificity
• Scarcity
• Exclusivity
• Rarity
• Popularity
• Urgency
Here’s an example of ad copy I might use:
*** WOMEN IN SPRINGFIELD! ***
Have you had enough of NOT being in the best shape of your life? You’re not alone, as
hundreds of other women that live in Springfield have, too!
ABC Fitness is quickly becoming the most popular place to work out, scorch the fat
off, and build lean muscle WITHOUT having to go on crazy diets and do tons of
cardio.
This week, we are giving away a FREE WEEK PASS to the first 50 Springfield residents
that claim the offer to see how this workout is getting people in shape so quickly, and
in the most fun way imaginable.
ABC Fitness is the only studio of its kind to [fill in blank with something unique
about my studio] and now we want you to experience the difference!
This offer is on a first come first serve basis, so hurry while offers last!
MIKE AR CE | 149

--- PAGE 150 ---
I have hundreds of ad copy variations that I’ll test and use depending on the situation, but this is a great
example of a style that works very well.
Step 4: Landing Page
This is where ClickFunnels comes in. Every ad I run drives traffic to a ClickFunnels landing page.
I don’t like running lead ads (although they convert decently on the front end) because I can’t retarget
the same way. On ClickFunnels, I can place the tracking pixels I need to run the campaigns I want. I
always place a Facebook and Google pixel on these landing pages so I can retarget on Facebook,
Instagram, the Google Network, and YouTube. While you can retarget on Facebook and Instagram with
lead ads, you leave a huge chunk out with the Google Network and YouTube. If I can learn who’s
interested on Facebook and Instagram and then target them for cheaper on YouTube and the Google
Network, I know I can drive more leads for less cost.
Like my ads, I have hundreds of different template styles we’ve created and use on ClickFunnels.
Generally, they have a similar format:
1. There is a logo in the header.
2. The main banner area has a video on the left and an offer on the right.
3. Below the video there is a written testimonial or two from existing members.
4. There is a countdown timer below the form that is set for 1 week. (I have a reminder
sent in my internal system to remind me to go into the form and reset the timer
each week.)
5. Next, there is a section with columns. Each column highlights 3 things that
registrants will get with their free week, such as unlimited classes, body fat test and
measurements, or a free meal plan builder.
6. There is a section below the columns with some “before / after” photos or more
testimonials.
7. A paragraph is usually added to explain the offer better as well as describe the
studio and why it’s so awesome.
8. Finally, there will be a call to action (CTA) again at the end of the page.
Although there are things I will add when it makes sense, that’s the general structure of the content on
the landing page.
Please note, I do not try to sell the studio. I sell the offer. It is too early in the funnel to get leads to buy
into the entire thing. All I need them to do right now is claim the offer so my sales team can get them in.
Once they are in, THAT is when we sell the studio and get them on a membership.
Landing pages with videos do convert better, so I will make sure to get one whenever possible. If a
studio I work with doesn’t have one, our studio hires a fitness model that we use regularly to stand in
front of a green screen and shoot a video using a script on a teleprompter. Again, this video is only
selling the offer.
MIKE AR CE | 150

--- PAGE 151 ---
On the landing page form, I ask for the lead’s first name, last name, email, and phone number. The CTA
is usually something like:
Claim Offer
Yes, I Want a Free Week Pass!
Next Step >
The section with the 3 columns that detail 3 things leads will get with their offer will have a title, image,
and description in each column.
I generally will use the exact same color scheme throughout the landing page. I will use two main colors
and a third color JUST for the CTA buttons so they stand out.
For example, if my company’s colors are red, white, and blue, I would use white as the main color, blue
for all accent colors, and then red only for the CTA buttons. When doing this, it’s good to be conscious
of the videos and images. I will do my best to not have red elsewhere on the page so the buttons truly
do stand out as best as possible.
At the bottom of the landing page, I will also display the contact information and address of my fitness
studio.
Step 5: The Automated Actions That Follow
Once someone lands on the landing page, they are automatically placed into custom audiences on
Facebook and Google since I’ve placed pixels on these pages.
Once someone fills out the form, there are quite a few actions that take place after this.
A Text and an Email Gets Sent to the Prospect
The email is essentially the same copy as the text, only longer and more detailed. Ultimately, the goal is
to introduce myself, congratulate them on claiming the offer, and get them to schedule their first class.
Sometimes I will place a link to a scheduler where prospects can schedule themselves. This takes much
less work off my (the studio owner’s) plate, but it unfortunately does result in fewer book rates and
show rates than if a call was done. Usually I’ll only automate the scheduling if I am already close to
capacity and have more members than time right now. If my studio is starving for business, I ask the
lead for the best time to get on the phone and schedule their first class. If I only have 100 days to get
100 members, this is the strategy I recommend and would follow.
A Text and an Email Gets Sent to Me, the Studio Owner (And/Or Sales Reps or Whoever Can
Make the Phone Call and Schedule)
I don’t recommend waiting for the lead to reply to the text or call in. My most successful studios call
leads within a minute or two of their opt-in. In fact, there’s a study by MIT that proves form leads have
a 900x greater contact rate when calling within the first 5 minutes. I’ve also noticed that 92% of my
digital traffic this year has come from mobile sources, so if I call within a few minutes of the opt-in,
where do you think their phone still is? Yep… in their hands. Call them ASAP!
MIKE AR CE | 151

--- PAGE 152 ---
The Lead Will Shift Custom Audiences (Sometimes)
If my studio has a larger budget, I will switch the custom audience which the lead belongs to and run
more unique campaigns to them. Rather than having these ads encourage them to take the offer, these
remarketing campaigns will show testimonial videos and proof as to how great my studio concept
really is!
The Lead Will Be Taken to a “Thank You” Page
This thank you page thanks them for claiming their offer while also showing a BONUS offer. The bonus
offer is usually something like an additional free week, free barre socks, free t-shirt, or 5 free passes for
friends which they will receive only if they call in before the offer expires. Then, I would have a countdown
timer going backwards from about 7 minutes or so. Below the timer I would show the phone number on
a button that’s clickable so if the lead is on their phone, it will allow them to easily make the call. Below
that, I will show more testimonials, before/after photos, and case study videos, if available.
Step 6: Email and Text Campaigns
That first email and text which goes out to the lead isn’t the last of them. I’ll also continuously send
them more correspondence until they opt out or come into my studio. Each one gets more urgent than
the last as the deal expires. It’s a 7-day campaign, and on the last day, a message explains that it is the
last day to claim this offer (so they must schedule fast)!
The Numbers
On average, these are the lead costs that I should expect to see:
• Facebook - around $5 - $35 Cost Per Lead (CPL)
• Instagram - around $10 - $50 CPL
• Instagram Stories - around $1 - $7 CPL
• YouTube - around $25 - $65 CPL
I strongly suggest focusing on Facebook and Instagram Stories, with Instagram feed ads working
better generally for retargeting campaigns only. There’s a lower CPL on Instagram feed ads if used for
retargeting.
My goal would be to drive at least 1,000 leads inside of the first 75 days so that I could have the remaining
25 days to close the leads that came in on Day 75.
I say 1,000 leads because the average studio I work with converts about 10% of their overall digital
leads into members. My best studio clients convert around 30 - 40%, but let’s assume my studio is
average for this scenario.
I would prepare to have an ad budget of about $15,000 over this 75 day period. At $15 assumed overall
CPL, that should generate 1,000 leads. That 1,000 leads should result in at least 100 new members
with 900 prospects on my list to continuously follow up with after the campaign, which will probably
generate another 100 members over the next 3 months with really good follow up.
The average fitness studio I work with charges about $150/month with a retention rate of about 7
MIKE AR CE | 152

--- PAGE 153 ---
months. That means their minimum lifetime customer value (LCV) is $1,050. I say minimum because
many of my studio clients generate revenue from ancillary sales such as retail, supplements, and gear.
It also doesn’t include sign-ups from the new customers’ friends (which will inevitably happen with
quite a few of my new members).
This means that those 100 new members should be valued at a minimum $105,000 to my business.
Not a bad trade for $15,000 in ads (7x ROI).
In fact, I’ll be profitable almost immediately, as 100 new members that pay me $150 per month puts
me at a $15,000 monthly recurring revenue (MRR). I’ll end the campaign at break even and every
month I hang onto even just one member, that makes me profitable by that much.
My most successful studio owner clients, such as Matt Kafora who owns 7 Orangetheory franchise
locations, run a 3-4 month presale campaign before opening his doors and budgets $10,000 per
month during that presale period.
Sounds like a lot, right?
Well, Matt has opened every one of his fitness studios with over 500 members and has opened one of
them with over 800 members! Think about what that ROI is for you?
Closing Thoughts
ClickFunnels has been the core of every marketing campaign I’ve built. All traffic runs to their landing
pages, and all automated activities stem from these landing pages.
I can’t imagine having the success we’ve had if it wasn’t for ClickFunnels.
If you’re doubtful about this campaign and funnel working, just know that I’ve had almost 2,000 fitness
studios successfully run this model.
MIKE AR CE | 153

--- PAGE 154 ---
Ryan D. Lee & Bradley Gibb
Founders of CashFlow Tactics
Ryan and Brad came from the world of traditional finance. They
both obtained degrees and landed in the corporate world. Ryan
was an executive at a Fortune 500 company, and Brad spent time
on Wall Street as well as owning his own business. As they both
advanced in their careers, they felt stuck and saw the inevitable
exchange of trading time for money for the foreseeable future.
They both craved freedom and control, so they set out to find a way
to crack the code and become Financially Free so they could own
and control their time. Eventually they developed a strategy that
allowed them to walk away from their careers a few short years
later. Now, they help others achieve their own financial freedom
and feel completely empowered with money.
CashFlowTactics.com
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 154

--- PAGE 155 ---
The “Top Grade” Method For Exploding
Your Business in Record Time
We’re excited to share our story and tell what we would do if we needed to generate 100 new clients in
100 days. For my business partner Ryan and I, that’s not a hypothetical situation. It’s what we actually
did when we first joined Russell Brunson’s Inner Circle.
Before we give our advice on what we would do to create 100 clients in 100 days, we’d like to share a
bit about our story, the story of how ClickFunnels empowered us to transform our business and lead a
movement.
The key for us was learning to leverage our existing client base in a non-traditional way. That’s what we
would do to create 100 clients. That’s our story.
This is the truth behind how we earned a 2 Comma Club award by ignoring 97% of the advice we were
given about marketing.
Taking the Leap
If you’ve ever asked yourself the question,“does this whole ClickFunnels internet marketing thing really
work?” Then all you have to do is look at our personal experience to know that it does.
We went from paying the shipping cost of a “free” book (later we found out this technique has a name:
a free + shipping funnel) to writing a $25,000 check to someone (Russell) we only learned existed three
weeks earlier.
If we’re crazy enough to do that (or if Russell is that good of a marketer) then you can do it in your
business, too.
It all started when we found ourselves stuck in an impossible spot.
Over the past four years or so, we have built a successful financial services practice. While we used
some modern tools that differentiated us in the marketplace, we still ultimately had a very traditional
practice, marked by one-to-one client selling, inconsistent leads and an overall lack of control.
We Were Slaves in Our Own Business
Before we discovered ClickFunnels, we were “successful.” Our business was growing. We had leads. We
made money, but we still felt trapped. We were slaves in our business, no matter how much money we
made, because of one simple fact: we did not control our lead flow.
The financial services industry, and if you are reading this then your business also, has always lived and
died by referrals or by “dial and smile” cold calling lists to drum up business.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 155

--- PAGE 156 ---
Here is one major reason why: As a financial adviser, you can’t compete on product. The product is
regulated and created by somebody else, so what you offer is the same as what everybody else offers.
In order to compete, you are forced to figure out what additional things you can offer to your clients.
We were spending all our time, effort, and energy to provide extras to pull people in so they chose us
instead of the other guy.
Even if you manage to remain successful, like we did, the leads always come as feast or famine. You
don’t know when your next client will come along, so you are forced to take them when they appear.
That’s where we found ourselves. We had little control over our time, no control over our hours, and
worse, zero control over the type of person we were speaking to. This meant we often found ourselves
meeting with people that we weren’t really excited about meeting or who didn’t actually qualify for the
type of services we offered.
At the time, we were part of a marketing partnership that provided us leads, and we closed the business.
This worked great until the quality or frequency of the leads would fluctuate or we just wanted to start
working with a different type of clientele.
We had also established a healthy influx of referrals, but that comes with its own set of problems. When
we did that, our time was never our own.
Any time a client decided to refer a family member, friend, or business partner, we had to put everything
else on hold and respond. It didn’t really matter what else we were doing because we had to “strike
while the iron was hot.”
We had to immediately clear our calendar and engage with the new lead or risk missing the window of
interest and opportunity placed before us.
In short, we had to run a business being Johnny-on-the-Spot for anyone our clients sent our way. What
was worse was that we had even less control over the quality of our clients, since, out of respect to our
current clients, we had to work with whatever friends and family they sent our way.
If You Control the Rain, You Control the Game
I still clearly remember the day Ryan and I decided we were done. We were in yet another meeting to
discuss lead quality, lead allocation, and compensation with the group with whom we partnered.
Tensions were high. I was red in the face, pounding my fists on the table. I was doing everything we
could to hold back a steam of swear words and maintain some semblance of civility in the discussions.
Suddenly, it hit me (and I literally almost laughed out loud when it did.) I realized we had exactly zero
leverage in the conversation because they controlled the leads.
We were excellent closers (1 and 2 in the company that year). We were leaders and mentors in the
practice, and we helped create the majority of the internal training and external content. None of that
mattered. We were 100% expendable because they controlled the one thing that mattered. The leads.
That was the day we realized that if we didn’t learn to generate our own leads, we would be forever
trapped one way or another in our business.
We had to control the rain.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 156

--- PAGE 157 ---
Down the Rabbit Hole (Advertising vs. Marketing)
Once we realized where we had to grow, we focused a lot of energy and money on our goal. We spent
thousands of dollars learning how to “advertise.” The truth was we threw a bunch of cash at people
hoping they would magically make all our problems go away.
After licking our wounds, we decided to take our business online and sank $50,000 on a web developer
and a marketing firm with a big reputation in other industries. After 8 months working with us in our
industry, they provided little to no measurable results.
We learned (painfully) that we were going to need much more than a website, blog and a few inspirational
quotes on our Facebook page.
The results were not what we were expecting. We started to feel stuck. Anytime we came up with a new
idea (which was often as we are idea guys), we had to go back to the marketing firm, pay more money,
and wait for two or three weeks for them to implement it.
It wasn’t working, so we started to tell ourselves that this couldn’t work for our industry, that online
marketing was for other things like weight loss formulas, supplements, transformational gurus, and
[insert other product here].
We had never seen anything like online marketing work for the financial services industry. After all, we
were dealing with people’s money, retirement accounts, and livelihoods. Maybe it just couldn’t work in
that space, right?
Of course, we were wrong (thankfully).
We didn’t understand that advertising is not the same thing as marketing.
Everything changed for us when a friend of ours who was a marketer for a financial newsletter
recommended we pick up the book DotComSecrets by Russell Brunson. We looked into it and figured
we didn’t have anything to lose. It was free after all. All we had to do was cover the shipping cost.
We decided, “What the heck, let’s see what the guy has to say.”
We ordered one copy to share, and Ryan took the first crack at it. After reading the whole book in just
two days, he booked tickets to FunnelHacking Live 2016 along with our hotel and airfare without even
telling me about the plans.
Since the event was just a couple of days away, I didn’t actually get my hands on the book until we were
boarding the plane to San Diego.
After a whirlwind three days, and the most intense marketing event we’d ever attended (ok, it was also
the only marketing event we’d ever attended, but it still holds the top spot for the most intense even
after years of attending other events), Russell pitched his Inner Circle for $25,000.
$25,000? Are you kidding? We passed.
Still, one phrase stuck with us after we left the event. Russell said the purpose of the group was not
necessarily to make me a better marketer. Plenty of other masterminds could do that.
Instead, his goal was to condense ten years of experience into a single year for everyone who joined. The
initial sticker shock kept our wallets closed, but we could not shake that idea of a decade of knowledge
in just a year.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 157

--- PAGE 158 ---
When we got back to Salt Lake City, I went to bed, not planning to think any more about it. The same
night, I woke up at 2:00 a.m. with Russell’s words in my head. Ten years of experience.
I dug through my backpack, found the URL in the offer form and filled out the application to the Inner
Circle. Two days later we were on a call with Russell’s team, hoping we would be accepted so we could
give them our credit card number.
The Decade in a Day Call
After signing up, our first interaction with Russell was our “Decade in a Day” call.
This is when all our hopes and dreams were crushed in an instant, but it was also when a much better
and brighter vision opened up for us.
We entered the call thinking this was when Russell would show his marketing Jiu Jitsu tricks with this
software thing called ClickFunnels. Then, we’d have so many leads we’d have clients for life. After all,
that’s what we’d just paid $25,000 for, right?
The call started with, “Tell me about what you guys do. What clients do you work with?”
We said, “anyone with money.”
“Ok, cool. What do you do for them?”
We said (ever so humbly), “everything.”
Russell said, “Uhhh, ok. Well, this is easy. You guys are dead in the water.”
Talk about a dagger in the heart. This was the guy who had wooed and impressed us so much that
after buying a “free” book, we spent thousands on his courses and events and then wrote a check for
$25,000, and he was saying that we were already done for.
That’s not what we were expecting to hear. After we stuttered a bit we finally got out our next words.
“Well, ok, what do you mean ‘dead in the water?’ We have something everyone needs, and we can do
everything a person needs. Our market should be unlimited. You’re supposed to show us how to use
ClickFunnels to bring all those people right to our door.”
Russell replied, “well guys, the honest truth is that if you are going to be everything to everyone it
means you’ll have nothing to actually say, and you’ll drown in all the noise of everyone else.”
This was lesson number one: we had to be different. We had to find what we stood for in order to stand
apart. We had to focus on more than a business. We had to learn to lead a movement.
That conversation started a new path for us. We dedicated ourselves to learning from Russell and
everyone at ClickFunnels. Whatever he said to do, we did. It worked. Within two years, we hit the Two
Comma Club.
ClickFunnels gave us great tools:
• a simple method for communicating with our entire customer list,
• a place to create branded course material instead of emailing disorganized YouTube
videos, and
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 158

--- PAGE 159 ---
• an easy way for our customers to share referrals with friends, allowing them to
access webinars and useful information so we didn’t have to go back to the Johnny-
on-the-Spot game.
But the truth is, ClickFunnels did a lot more than that for us. It changed our mindset, which in turn
changed the entire trajectory of our business. Russell taught us processes and strategies that allowed
us to reach a place with our business that seemed impossible before.
That’s why we are excited to share our ideas around what we would do to generate 100 new clients for
our existing business, using only our Clickfunnels account: because that is the exact situation we faced
three years ago.
When we joined the Inner Circle, we had to cut all previous ties with our existing sources for creating
new clients. This was do or die for us. We were all in, and we had to learn how to create our own clients
before we ran out of time and money.
The Hidden Benefit in Your ClickFunnels Account
ClickFunnels isn’t magic. It’s an excellent system with great tools and processes for launching your
product. However, for us, connecting with Russell and the community opened our minds and opened
the doors to many possibilities.
We had to relearn and rethink a lot about business. We entered the Inner Circle with just over 1,000
clients, not bad by any means, but we were still searching for control and consistency.
The lessons we learned and the way that our mindset and approach to our business changed allowed
us to shift the entire way we were going about finding clients.
The Best Customer Is One You Already Have
Our deep fear after joining the Funnel Hacker community was that the world of clickbaity, attention-
grabbing marketing would not work for us in financial services. My potential clients were not looking
for teasers or lead magnets; they wanted real value.
Yet, the truth is that we were out of options. We had doubts about ClickFunnels, but we knew it couldn’t
be any worse than what we were already doing, which just wasn’t working.
We came in ready to give it our all. In our first Inner Circle meeting, we geared up to launch a webinar,
sell a $1,000 product, and find a new customer base.
After the first day ended, Garrett J. White (a member of the Inner Circle at the time) pulled us aside
and said, “What are you guys doing? Why are you trying to sell this $1,000 product? You already have
over 1,000 clients. When was the last time you talked to the 1,000 people you have that have given you
millions of dollars already?”
That was our first major epiphany. We were putting our focus in the wrong place. Instead of trying to
drum up new clients with whom we had to build trust, prove our value over their current adviser, and
close on the prospect of working with us, we needed to start with our existing client list.
Before you jump into the world of internet marketing and get all excited about selling digital courses
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 159

--- PAGE 160 ---
and making millions with (relatively) little work, understand this: The best customer is a customer you
already have.
Russell says all the time to “pick up the pile of money in front of you” before moving on to other shiny
objects.
Your existing client base already knows and trusts you. You already put in the work to attract them.
They are primed to buy from you again. You are leaving millions on the table by looking outside of your
base and failing to offer “the next thing” to your existing clients.
If we woke up tomorrow needing to get 100 clients, we wouldn’t waste time finding cold traffic (people
who have no idea who we are, have no reason to trust us, and have no intention of buying from us) to
try to create new clients. We would find the 100 clients in our existing list.
Here are the exact steps we would take to leverage our existing customer list and get 100 clients.
OUR STEPS TO GETTING 100 NEW CLIENTS
Step 1: Top Grade Our Customer List
Our very first step to creating 100 clients would be to pull our existing list of customers and “top grade”
our clients based on the value they already provided to our business. That’s exactly what we did after
that 2 hour conversation with Garrett J. White at our first Inner Circle meeting.
It was a major lesson for us. Before that, our assumption was, “If we already worked with these clients
for years and helped them implement so much, they were the highest paying clients.” We didn’t see any
reason to focus our marketing efforts there.
We just didn’t realize how much value we were missing out on by thinking that way. Those that have
already invested the most with us, and who have already received the most value from us are the exact
clients that have the most potential to add future revenue.
Step 2: Analyze Our List
After we top grade our list, we want to look for natural segmentation. When we did this, we discovered
that our youngest customers had provided the lowest amount of value. They’d given us the least
amount of money in the past. Our middle-aged clients had given us the most value, and our oldest
clients fell in the middle.
We needed to find our most valuable clients, and we did this by looking for patterns and similarities.
We followed the Pareto principle of 80/20: the idea that, generally, 80% of a business’ revenue comes
from 20% of that business’ clients. This means that, often, the bottom 80% of clients can actually be
ignored.
It’s the top 20% that have the potential to generate the next 80% of revenue, the same way they
generated the last 80%.
After all, we only have 100 days to generate 100 new leads, so we don’t have time to waste 80% worth
of time and effort on clients that generated only 20% of our previous revenue.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 160

--- PAGE 161 ---
Step 3: Figure Out Where Our Clients Are Going
Now that we’ve identified a segment within our clients, it’s time to get to know more about this group
of clients by asking ourselves one question: “where are they wanting to go?”
Just like the Cheshire Cat told Alice that it didn’t matter which way she went if she didn’t know where
she wanted to be headed, it doesn’t matter what you offer your clients if you don’t know what they
want next or where they are headed on their journey.
So, rather than jumping in to make a new landing page or split test a headline or throw together a new
lead magnet, we needed to take a moment and put ourselves in our clients’ minds.
Thinking about the top 20% of our clients, we asked ourselves:
• What do they want?
• Where are they going?
• What do they need next?
Those answers will become “the next thing” we can offer them to turn them into our next 100 clients.
This is how we were able to be successful. We were able to identify what our clients would need next
and offer it to our existing list (and in the process, earn the 2 Comma Club award for generating over
$1,000,000 using ClickFunnels.)
The first part of this was asking those questions and really delving into the mind of our clients. We
formulated a very clear idea of what our clients’ needs, problems, and obstacles were. From there, we
needed to gather data.
This can be done through an ask campaign or individual client interviews. We ended up doing a modified
ask campaign. This was tricky in our industry because, as a financial adviser, your clients are paying you
to know everything. We couldn’t just go to them and start asking questions that made it seem like we
didn’t know what solutions to offer, so we used the knowledge of our customer base, asked ourselves
those three questions, and formed a solid idea of what we hypothesized “the next thing” might be.
Then, we sent out emails with information about topics we thought could lead to that next thing and
monitored the responses. We basically implemented direct response marketing techniques. We’d tell
part of a story then say, “If you want to know the outcome of this, just email us back and let us know.”
The topics that got the best information and the most responses lead us to our “next thing.”
When we figured out where our clients were going, we could give them a map and provide solutions
that they didn’t even know they needed.
Step 4: Add Value First, Then Sell
“Nobody likes to be sold to, but everyone loves to buy.” - Dr. Earl Taylor
As financial advisers in an industry where huge amounts of trust are required, we needed to offer true
value before we jumped in and started selling. Too many people try to hit the hard sell early. We have
come really far in understanding sales psychology, and yet so many businesses are still acting like used
car salesmen from the 1950’s.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 161

--- PAGE 162 ---
Instead of bombarding potential clients with sales messages right out of the gate, we needed to create
value first. When we create true value for our clients, they not only purchase from us, but they also
bring in others.
We let our clients be our best salespeople. Whatever problems they have, their friends, peers, and
colleagues are likely to have, too. If we can solve it for our client, we can solve it for others in their same
space because they are likely all on the same journey.
If we can form a good relationship with our clients, create value for them, and show them the problem
they are going to face next and how we can solve it for them, they will choose us every time and make
sure that everybody they know hears about us. Our marketing reach will grow like wildfire with little
additional effort.
ClickFunnels allows us to do this simply and efficiently. Here are some tactics we use with ClickFunnels
to add value and nurture a strong relationship with our clients so that they will want to buy from us
when they are ready to make a purchase.
Create Content
Providing our clients with high-quality content reinforces the idea of us as a trustworthy authority. We
want to establish ourselves as true thought leaders and strengthen the relationship with our clients by
providing education and value in our content before we try to sell.
When we started with ClickFunnels, we created a 4-part video series, a course, and a panel of experts.
When we analyzed our client list and realized that our most valuable clientele were people in their late
40s and early 50s, we discovered that the most pressing questions for them included:
• How does everything I’ve accumulated actually turn into retirement income?
• How do I incorporate all of my other assets into a comprehensive income strategy?
To serve this segment of our audience with value, we put together a video series on how to create 10-
40% more income in retirement.
This addressed their next biggest questions, gave true actionable value, and built trust and connection.
Form a Membership Site
Next, we created a membership site within ClickFunnels. This allows us to control which of our clients
have access to specific content based on their membership level with our company.
It took us a couple of Friday afternoons to create the content (and for most of it we just compiled a
lot of what we had already done), then a few hours to put it all into the software. We decided to pay a
freelancer a few hundred bucks to make it look clean and professional, but if either of us had any innate
design sense, it wouldn’t have taken much time to do that on our own.
With ClickFunnels, it is possible to schedule content to drip out to members daily, weekly, or monthly
to ensure that value is consistently added and trust is continually built.
Host a Webinar
We also hosted a live webinar using ClickFunnels. This continues to show us as a knowledgeable
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 162

--- PAGE 163 ---
authority in our field while building the value that our clients want.
The reason we did it live is that a live webinar allows for a question and answer session following a
presentation, which promotes the interaction and community spirit we wanted to establish with our
base. Live webinars can be recorded for playback for future clients as well so that they get access to
the same valuable information.
Establish a Referral Program
Referrals are vital for keeping our business growing. We want our clients to do our marketing and selling
for us, so we’re constantly expanding our reach based on our initial marketing efforts.
In traditional marketing, referrals are key, but they also cause issues. They lead back to that Johnny-
on-the-Spot problem, where we are forced to drop everything to cater to the potential client. We were
investing time in educating and engaging with the client, who might not even be the right type of client
for our business. Plus, when people don’t refer others, our business growth suffers. We’re at the mercy
of other people choosing to take action that they might not ever take.
With ClickFunnels, we set up a referral program that does the work for us as well as gives us multiple
benefits. It allows us to easily share the educational material we already put together. There is no more
dropping everything and having conversations that might lead nowhere. Instead, we provide the same
awesome content that our tribe already received.
The other major benefit of a referral program is that it drives our clients to action. Instead of waiting
around and hoping our clients refer people, we can get in front of them and inspire them to do so. We
can even offer incentives like status increases in your membership model. Exclusivity and status are
major drives for people. This will motivate our current clients to spread the word and motivate others
to join the exclusive community we have created.
***
Those are the actionable steps we would take to create 100 clients. It worked for us, and it absolutely
can work for you. If you are ready to take those steps, though, and you really want to grow and be
successful, you need to go beyond that.
We’re going to share with you the actions you need to take in order to expand your value for your clients
in an even bigger way.
How to Rise Above and Add Even More Value
If you are ready to embrace that challenge and move your business in an upward trajectory, you need
to understand the problems you face where you are now.
As we tried growing our business traditionally, there were three main areas that stood in the way of our
growth and profitability.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 163

--- PAGE 164 ---
3 THINGS PREVENTING OUR GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY
1. Time Wasted on Education / Low Close Percentage
The biggest cost to our business was meeting with potential clients that did not end up doing business
with us. We were putting direct time and effort into trying to educate every potential client with zero
way to figure out whether it was going to be a huge waste.
Another major cost to our business was spending more time with clients than necessary. The more
time we spent with a client, the less money we made. (This sounds harsh, like we don’t want to spend
time serving the clients. That’s not what we’re talking about here.)
Let’s say we spend 10 hours helping Bill and Mary, and we are able to answer all their questions. We get
them the information they need and help them take actions to move toward their goals. But, we spend
only 5 hours doing the same with John and Sara. The second situation is obviously more desirable,
right? We want to offer value, but we want to offer it efficiently.
2. Clients Not Bringing in Referrals
When we were trying traditional marketing methods, referrals built our business. This could be good,
when there was a steady flow, but when there wasn’t, it made things very difficult.
Ideally every one of our customers would have been bringing in more business through referrals.
Unfortunately, it didn’t always work that way. When clients didn’t bring in referrals, their value to our
business dropped and kept us from expanding the way we wanted to.
3. Low Commitment Level / Shopping Around
Sinking in time with potential clients that would not commit or were just shopping around to get the
best price was a major barrier to our business expansion and growth.
We weren’t taking advantage of the situation right in front of us. Those clients were ready, willing, and
able to spend money on services we offered, but we weren’t offering them the “next thing.” We were
failing to have conversations that would have cut through the noise of our competition and made sure
they wanted us as the solution to their problems.
They were going to spend that money somewhere, but we didn’t position ourselves in the right way to
be the clear answer. We were just caught up in that cycle of trying to offer more and more of ourselves,
without having the right conversations with them in order to give them the answers they needed in the
future.
That’s how many financial advisers become overwhelmed and stuck. They just pile on extra in hopes of
standing apart from the crowd, but instead, they just get lost in the sea of options.
That’s another reason why it’s better to look within your existing client list rather than searching for new
buyers; you already have trust and connection which gives you leverage. When you take that connection
and trust and leverage it with an opportunity designed to offer new solutions, an opportunity your
clients don’t want to say no to, you get an upper hand you didn’t have before. That allows you to stop
competing.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 164

--- PAGE 165 ---
Find Your “One Thing”
If you want to grow beyond where you have been, you can’t do what you’ve always done. You have to
change your mindset and outlook.
One of the most important major changes you can make is to stop trying to be everything to everyone.
This is one of the most valuable lessons we learned from Russell and everyone at ClickFunnels. It was
a game-changer for us. It’s how we found our value, our voice, and our future.
Just as Russell told us in our first call with him, “When you try to offer everything, you might as well not
be saying anything. You just get lost in the noise. If you try to be a one-stop-shop, you’re just floundering
in the sea of options.”
Instead, you need to find the “one thing” that you can offer that will set you apart so you can pierce
through all the noise.
It can be scary to do this. You think you are closing yourself off, saying no to legitimate streams of
business, but what you are really doing is positioning yourself more effectively in the marketplace.
Once you find that thing, the thing that will make sure you get heard and allow you to build a loyal
client base, you can (and should) start to offer more. Don’t think of it as closing yourself off, but as
strategically positioning yourself now so you can offer more value in the future.
So how do you pierce the market? How do you make sure you are relevant and heard? You need to
focus on the 3 M’s: master, message, and market.
FOCUS ON THE 3 M’s
Become the MASTER
When we were just competing in the financial services space, we had no way to truly stand out. Nothing
about our business truly made us special or different. At the end of the day, we were providing the
same products and services everyone else was providing.
After we joined the Inner Circle, though, we learned that we needed to step up and show that we had
something more to offer. We did this by becoming true thought leaders in our industry, giving value
and education to our clients. Instead of just offering a product, we started wrapping our products in
information.
That’s when we started setting ourselves apart. This was the beginning of building a tribe. We were
truly connecting with our audience, and we weren’t just streaming out financial information. We were
creating information in a way that made us more relatable and more engaging to our audience.
You need to establish yourself as the master in your space. Standing out isn’t just about your product.
Yes, you are hopefully offering something different, something new that provides value, but you have to
do more than that. You have to position yourself as an expert who is knowledgeable, trustworthy, and
relatable.
To do that, you need to become the face of the company. You have to establish yourself as a character
with an enticing story that people relate to so that they will become invested in you as a person. Then,
they will want to support your company.
It’s not enough to just share a photograph of yourself. You need a real story.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 165

--- PAGE 166 ---
In order to find that, you have to find your “X factor”. What makes you stand out? Why are you different?
What can you offer that nobody else can?
If you find yourself thinking, “Oh, it’s just me. I’m just ordinary. I don’t have a way to stand out,” you’re
wrong. Everybody has a superpower. Everybody has an “X factor.” You just have to find yours.
What do you specialize in? You might have a skill or talent that you are bringing to the table that sets
you apart from the rest of the crowd.
What are you super passionate about that could also be relevant to your client base? What is the thing
that you obsess over, that you spend time researching and learning about after your spouse goes to
bed? To somebody else, that’s going to look like a superpower.
You’ll know you found your superpower when somebody else gets excited about it, and you think to
yourself, “Wait, doesn’t everybody do that?”
I used to watch YouTube videos all the time on how to program excel spreadsheets. I gathered this
knowledge and skill set, but I really didn’t think of it as a superpower or a highly valued skill. In my mind,
everybody knew it. I guess I thought everyone was watching those videos and learning the skills. In
reality, it was a specialization that I had built.
You have something, you just have to dig in and find it.
Once you do, you have the framework for your story, the story of how what you do made an impact in
your life and why the client should believe in you. (That’s why they’ll choose you, not because of how
good your product is.)
As you put together your story, think of yourself as a character. What is your backstory? What are your
flaws? What mistakes did you make that you had to overcome?
Think about the emotions that your audience has. People buy based on emotion, not on rationalization.
Create your origin story, one that shows what strengths you have, what your identity is, what your
journey has looked like, and that will strike an emotional chord with your followers.
Position yourself as a leader. Remember these 6 rules to becoming an effective leader:
1. Live the life your clients wish they could live. This is the key to becoming a leader that
people want to follow. Your story should inspire your clients and give them hope for the
life they want to lead. It’s really important that you are truly living this life. Otherwise,
you’re just selling.
2. Maintain absolute certainty. It’s about more than just being confident. You have to be
absolutely certain that what you are teaching is the absolute truth, that what you are
providing will have a major impact on your clients.
3. Don’t be boring. If you are creating a movement, you have to be engaging. Show your
personality.
4. Understand how to use persuasion. Most people are not predisposed to action. You
have to give them a reason to step outside of their comfort zone and act.
5. Care a lot. You can’t fake this. As a leader, you should genuinely care about your client’s
success and want to contribute to it.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 166

--- PAGE 167 ---
6. Offer your followers value from the relationship. This seems obvious, but it’s important
to be intentional about it. A real leader isn’t just after a purchase. They’re building value
for their clients as well.
Using those concepts and rules, you can create an origin story that will resonate with your client base.
Craft Your MESSAGE
Next, you have to craft your message, but not just any message. The right one. Your message is the
thing that will cut through all of the noise, the competition in the industry and the objections potential
clients will have. It will allow them to see you as the solution to their problems.
This is the issue we faced when we were trying traditional marketing techniques. We wanted to throw
money at someone else so they could solve our marketing problems for us. What ended up happening
is they created a message that wasn’t ours. It didn’t hit at the core of our business or who we were.
Because the message wasn’t ours, it brought clients who weren’t the right clients for us. We’d get
frustrated and try again, but the cycle repeated itself.
This changed when we finally learned that you can never, ever outsource the message. You are the
message.
Embrace that. Build a message that reflects who you truly are and what impact you want to have on
your clients.
This should have a future-minded focus. What can you offer that will improve the lives of your clients,
now and in the future? What are you moving towards that you will lead your followers to? It needs to be
one specific action.
In our business now, we offer much more than financial advising. We present ourselves as the option
that will give our clients true control over their financial planning so that they can achieve full financial
freedom in ten years or less.
Our clients aren’t just buying a one-time purchase. They’re making an investment in their future and
empowering themselves in their own financial planning.
You have to find that element: what you and your clients can grow towards in the future. That sets you
apart and makes sure you are heard.
Identify Your MARKET
If you take the same advice from me that we took from Garrett and Russell, identifying your market
doesn’t have to be difficult. You already have the market in your existing client list.
You don’t have to go implement cheesy sales techniques. You don’t have to waste time trying to market
to people who have zero interest in what you have to offer. Forget those people.
If you target the wrong people, you’re going to spend way too much time and money trying to educate
them on the value you bring with no guarantee that they will be persuaded.
Instead, go after the people you already know, who already know you. Find your market in your existing
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 167

--- PAGE 168 ---
client base, then let them share that message and expand your market reach. That’s the easiest way to
grow your first 100 clients into the next 100, and so on.
Break Out of The Mold
Ultimately, what we did when we entered the ClickFunnels world was create our own movement. By
establishing ourselves as experts and thought leaders, we shifted the focus of our business and took
control of our lives.
Before, we were living as slaves to our business. We hated the commute, the suits, the meetings with
clients with whom we had no interest in working.
Now, we don’t have to compete the way all the other financial advisers do. We now have peace of mind
and control of our own time and schedule. We get to run a multi-million dollar financial company from
our own homes. We don’t need an office or an expensive suit. We get to be 100% us, 100% comfortable,
and still serve our clients at a high level.
That’s what you can achieve if you follow these steps and embrace a positive change in the trajectory
of your business. You can unshackle yourself and break the mold of what you think your business is, in
order to open the door for what it could become.
R YAN D . LEE & BR ADLE Y GIBB | 168

--- PAGE 169 ---
Tyler Shaule
Founder of OnlineClients.com &
Sticky Customers
Tyler is a serial entrepreneur with a passion for serving others
with his expertise in online marketing and sales. Using today’s
most cutting-edge marketing technology and his mastery of
timeless sales principles, Tyler has grown multiple businesses
past the 7-figure mark. Tyler is an award-winning marketer,
proven executive, and mentor to business owners looking for
growth and increased profitability.
Conversations.io
BRICK & MOR TAR FUNNEL S | 169

--- PAGE 170 ---
The 3 Simple Campaigns Inside The Phone
Funnel System... (Create The Perfect BRIDGE
Between Online Marketing And Sales!)
In my experience running two multi-million dollar service businesses and mentoring dozens of local
business owners, I’ve come to the conclusion that brick and mortar businesses only need two things
to be wildly successful:
1. Conversations with qualified prospects
2. A repeatable system that gets your perfect prospect to schedule an appointment with
you (a visit to your location, an in person appointment or a phone call booked on your
calendar)
When I was asked by Russell to contribute a chapter to this book I was excited but a little scared of
what the reader’s opinion may be. My strategies are contrary to most “online marketing gurus”, and my
company is polarizing. We don’t solely focus on automation or advertising but instead seek to amplify
a business’ “offline” sales process using online marketing strategies.
The current state of online marketing preaches “churn and burn” and “buy or bye” tactics that rely on a
high volume of cheap, unqualified leads that will make a purchasing decision through an online cart or
checkout system. The result is impersonal, almost anonymous communication with just a few sales to
bad fit clients that waste your time or refund. This style of business growth is unsustainable, damaging
to your reputation and generally not fun.
My mission is to help owners use online marketing to grow their business without hiding behind their
computer or feeling spammy. Instead, I aim to infuse their online marketing with personalization and
make their inbound sales process more conversational.
This chapter is going to give you a simple roadmap of proven strategies and three powerful marketing
campaigns that I’ve used to book thousands of appointments, salescalls and“conversion conversations”
for brick and mortar businesses. The outcome will be a step-by-step plan that you can use to get 100
clients or customers in the next 100 days.
Up until now, my methods were reserved for paying clients (starting at $18,000 per year), but because
I adore Russell Brunson and am honored to call him my marketing mentor, I’m willing to gift these
proven campaigns to you inside this chapter.
First, I must share some much needed foundational knowledge (and the secret to much of my success).
Why Listen to Me?
Over the last two years I’ve been helping “offline” businesses use online marketing to find, get, and
keep dream clients.
TYLER SHA ULE | 170

--- PAGE 171 ---
So far we’ve served chiropractors, dentists, irrigation companies, landscape consultants, golf courses,
gyms and fitness studios, car dealerships, medical spas, summer camps, apartment rental companies,
law practices, dog groomers, dermatology clinics, home cleaning companies, float therapy locations,
loan officers, real estate agents and many more personal, home and professional service businesses.
The only similarity between these clients is that they all need to have a real conversation with a
committed and qualified prospect before they make a sale. Some of these conversations happen over
the phone. Some happen in person at a coffee shop, and others may happen at one of your locations
or your office. The fact remains that a real human-to-human conversation is what creates a buyer from
an interested prospect.
Conversations = Conversions
Many local and service businesseshave been convinced by trendy marketing gurus that online marketing
is the answer to their problems because it removes human-to-human contact, sales conversations, and
other “non-scalable” activities, but this is at best a myth and at worst a bold faced lie.
Online marketing is not meant to replace the need for conversations but rather to pre-frame the
human-to-human contact as infinitely valuable. It is meant to make the inevitable sales conversation
more powerful and leveraged because they believe the promises your offer makes, and they trust you.
In fact, the best way to convert online marketing leads into inbound sales is with a conversation.
Begin with the End in Mind
Stephen Covey is famous for saying “begin with the end in mind”, and he wasn’t wrong. Brick and
mortar business owners need to make sure they are designing their marketing and sales funnel to fit
the outcome they need: a conversation!
If you need to have an in-person meeting for a sale to happen it makes sense to get an appointment
booked in your prospect’s calendar and get their mobile number so you can send a reminder.
If your business requires a phone conversation to make a sale then you better make sure you collect a
phone number (even better is a mobile number) during your initial marketing efforts!
The Mobile Moment
Did you know that the internet is undergoing a dramatic shift that no one is talking about?
In 2017, there were about 2.25 billion smartphones shipped to customers across the world, and only
250 million laptop and desktop computers were manufactured.
Why does this matter? Well, 81% of Americans now use a smartphone for about 3 hours per day (up
from just 35% in 2011), and the result is a whole generation that uses the internet differently than ever
before.
In 2019:
• the YouTube app accounts for 37% of ALL internet usage,
• over 96% of Facebook users access their account through the mobile app and
TYLER SHA ULE | 171

--- PAGE 172 ---
• Google reports that over 58% of all searches on their platform are done from a mobile device.
Combine these facts with the statistic that a smartphone is within 3 feet of its owner for 23.5 hours per
day, and you will realize we have a new reality.
Online = On a Smartphone
Most online marketers have not made the transition to a mobile first strategy. They are trying to fit
old online marketing tactics into the new way we are using the internet… which is in our hands, with a
smartphone.
It’s hard to get a prospect to watch a webinar on a smartphone screen or get a lead to accurately fill
out a opt-in form while they pinch, zoom and scroll with their fingers all over the beautifully designed
webpage that was built for a desktop.
Although these changes pose a problem for marketers, they represent an unfair advantage for business
owners that already use the phone in their sales process!
Connect Online Marketing to “Offline” Sales Conversations with SMS
Remember what I said about successful brick and mortar business owners only needing one systematic
way to get great prospects to a sales conversation? Let’s start designing the Phone Funnel System that
your business can use to find, get and keep customers!
TYLER SHA ULE | 172

--- PAGE 173 ---
Your prospects are already using their smartphones to:
• scroll on Instagram,
• watch videos on YouTube,
• search on Google,
• browse in Chrome and
• connect with friends on Facebook.
My brick and mortar marketing strategy (aka The Phone Funnel System) is all about how to create a
bridge from this kind of mobile online traffic into a sales conversation on that very same smartphone.
Text messaging (also known as SMS) is the perfect bridge between mobile online traffic and a sales
conversation. All smartphones have an SMS app built right into them, and most phone plans included
unlimited texting!
You can send links, contact information, photos and videos through text messaging, and when someone
clicks any link, it will open in the native smartphone app immediately.
Smartphones also play a major role in keeping track of our calendars (iCal, Google Calendar and
Outlook all have popular mobile apps), so if you need to set up an appointment for an in person meeting
then SMS acts as a bridge between the mobile traffic and the calendar booking.
Sending text messages to leads and prospects has the added advantage of positioning your
communication in a channel that is normally exclusive to people that they know well (friends, family
members and other trusted people). SMS has a 98% open rate and about a 90 second response time.
By contrast, email response time is over 90 minutes, and that’s if the contact even opens it to begin
with!
SMS is the best emerging marketing channel because:
• Everyone has a phone in their hand or pocket
• Of the 98% open rate text messages have texting, which is easy and lower risk than
answering a call
• It is fully integrated with smartphone functions we use daily (web search, social media
apps, and your contacts & calendar)
• It provides great positioning because it’s usually reserved for communicating with
people that we trust
• Replying to texts is implicit within the mode of communication itself (it’s naturally a
conversational medium, unlike email. Just think about the last email you replied to...
was it a marketing email? I bet not.).
Shotgun vs. Sniper Rifle
Most online marketing strategies are kind of like a shotgun. You blast communication (most likely an
email broadcast) and hope that you hit upon something important to your audience and that they do
what you tell them to (most likely click a link and view some content).
I prefer to design my marketing like a sniper rifle. The communication needs to be specific and targeted
TYLER SHA ULE | 173

--- PAGE 174 ---
with the outcome being immediate feedback. SMS is the most targeted mass communication format
I’ve found that encourages rapid feedback: a reply!
If you are serious about serving your audience at the highest level and inspiring trust in the valuable
product or service you sell, then it makes sense that you need to invest in SMS marketing.
THE THREE SIMPLE TEXT MESSAGING CAMPAIGNS
Each of the three funnels I’m revealing to you in this chapter leverage SMS as a convenient and effective
way to get a conversation going with a prospect. ClickFunnels easily integrates with Twilio to allow you
to send SMS messages as part of your automated Follow-Up Funnel and bridge the gap between online
marketing and having a sales conversation on the phone or in-person with a prospect.
The premise of this book is to provide brick and mortar business owners with the most potent strategies
to attract 100 customers in the next 100 days. These three funnels are the best options I know to find,
get and keep customers or clients for a brick and mortar business.
#1: The Reactivation Funnel
The first strategy I recommend for Brick and Mortar businesses to implement is the Reactivation
Funnel. This funnel reaches out to your past leads and customers and engages them with a fresh offer,
nurtures them with SMS follow up communication and prompts them to book an appointment in your
calendar for a phone call or visit to your location.
It’s best to start with this funnel because it provides a quick way to test your new offer, schedule
appointments and make sales without having to spend time and money on advertising.
Here is exactly what I would do:
1. In the first step, I will collect all my database contact information of past leads and customers,
paying special attention to the mobile phone number I have on file for them. I will create an email
list of contacts inside ClickFunnels and upload my contacts’ information with a .csv file, making
sure to correctly match fields so I don’t lose any information. Next, I will create a new Follow-Up
Funnel inside ClickFunnels that will send automated SMS broadcasts to the list about my new offer.
For best results, I’ll choose to split my list up into groups of 100 contacts and start a new group on
the SMS Follow-Up Funnel each Monday. The reason? I don’t want to message my full list all at the
same time because I won’t be able to turn off the faucet of hot leads coming your way, and it could
get overwhelming fast! Remember: the key to this funnel is responding to interested contacts
TYLER SHA ULE | 174

--- PAGE 175 ---
lightning fast and booking an appointment.
To supercharge my SMS marketing, I will also consider using a two-way text service (ClickFunnels
works great with conversations.io) that will allow me to reply back in real time, send a ringless
voicemail or receive an inbound phone call.
2. Next, I will “offer hack” my competitors to figure out what I should offer to reactivate my past leads
and customers. These contacts are people that I have known in the past; I already have some trust
established with them. Make sure the offer must have an appointment booking component for
fulfillment.
I will use Groupon, my competitors’ websites or examples from advertising to see what offers other
people are currently running.
Here are some successful offers I have run for clients:
• Free Teeth Whitening,
• Free 10 Day Gym Pass
• $25 for two room carpet cleaning
• Free 30 minute massage (with a chiropractic consultation)
• Free teeth scaling (for a dog grooming offer)
• Free limited edition camp t-shirt (with registration)
• No cost initial consultation (for a law practice)
• Free window cleaning (for a siding installation & roofing company)
Every 90 days or at least after I have put all my contacts in my database through this funnel once,
I will “repackage” my offer to make it look new.
3. My call-to-action is an appointment booking. This step is critical to the success of this funnel. I
must establish the prospect’s commitment through booking a specific date and time for their
appointment! I will use a link to send the contact to my ClickFunnels Calendar Booking funnel step
to confirm appointment date and time.
If I’m using a tool like conversations.io to do real time texting, I’ll make sure to keep up the text
conversation and nurture the contact with replies and answer questions they have. These SMS
conversations are invaluable to really act like that “sniper rifle”, allowing you to target responding
people and specifically communicate with them.
Many business owners I work with initially dismiss this funnel as a time waster or claim that it’s not
scalable because it requires a staff member (or them) to reply to 2 to 4 text messages on average
before they can book an appointment. My answer is always the same:
“Do you want lots of free time on your hands or do you want a calendar full of sales appointments
with prospects who have already shown interest in your product or service by spending time
communicating with you and have taken the initiative to put you into their busy calendars?”
Once we get started with clients, they quickly see the error in their thinking! In fact, many of my clients
report that they could keep their calendars full and business booming with just this one funnel!
TYLER SHA ULE | 175

--- PAGE 176 ---
#2: “Ad-To-Appointment” Funnels
The social media networks have popularized online advertising for small business owners and created
a frenzied environment where everyone is clamoring to be an advertising expert,“influencer” or agency
owner.
I believe the skill of advertising is important, but based on my experience, conversion is a more
important skill to master. The actual advertisement is not the key to success, but rather it is what comes
after the first click that really matters. Unfortunately, this has been forgotten in the world of online
advertising. My Ad-to-Appointment Funnels are successful because of the conversion mechanism we
have developed and less about the social media ad itself.
Successfully using online or social advertising to increase sales appointments and revenue is a high
leverage strategy, but it can take some time to figure out and often is costly initially. My recommendation
to brick and mortar business owners is to get their Reactivation Funnel producing first and then
supplement with the Ad-to-Appointment Funnels.
As I describe how to implement these two varieties of the Ad-to-Appointment Funnel, I’m not going
to dwell on the actual ads at all. Instead, I want to explain how I qualify and convert cold social media
traffic into sales appointments on a daily basis.
“Special Offer-to-Appointment” Funnel
This funnel works well for personal service providers or health and medical service professionals. The
Special Offer-to-Appointment Funnel’s goal is to convert attention from a social ad (that promises the
special offer) into a text message conversation. The next step is to deliver the promised special offer
via SMS and set up the appointment for the fulfillment of that special offer.
Here is how I would execute the Special Offer-to-Appointment Funnel:
1. The first step in this funnel is to make sure I am using an offer that I know has worked for my
business recently. This is not the time to test! I’ll think back to my Reactivation Funnel and the offers
that have had success, picking my best one. This funnel works best for “free offers” or “discount
offers” because they are great at attracting the attention of interested audiences on a social media
network.
TYLER SHA ULE | 176

--- PAGE 177 ---
2. Next, I will create the social media advertisement and design the conversion mechanism for that ad
While I’m not going to dive into the full checklist of how to create a profitable ad, I do want to offer
guidance on the type of conversion event that should be used here.
Remember “The Phone Funnel System” sketch from earlier in this chapter? My next step needs to
be getting the prospect from the social ad they are viewing on their smartphone and into an SMS
conversation with me. Later in the funnel I will get them from the SMS conversation and into my
offline sales process (a phone call, meeting, or appointment at your location).
I use two methods to convert ad viewers into SMS conversations.
• Clickfunnels page with SMS opt-in
• Lead Form Ad format (available on Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn)
Through ClickFunnels’ integration with the online platform Twilio, the SMS Opt-In element
automatically captures a contact’s mobile phone number to their profile. With Follow-Up Funnels,
I can easily add SMS broadcasts from this information or create an automated Follow-Up Funnel
that can send text messages.
Using a Lead Form as part of my ad is a more advanced method but is a far superior conversion
mechanism. A Facebook Lead Form Ad uses a customizable native form inside the ad that populates
with information that Facebook already knows about a user automatically.
Facebook knows your contacts mobile number for its backup two-step verification process, and it
will populate into the form as soon as the user clicks on your ad. All that is left for the user to do to
opt-in is to click “submit”! Many years ago advertisers wrote off Facebook’s lead ads as ineffective
because the email address that Facebook has for most users is not current or not their primary
account. However, very few people have more than one mobile number, so when I ask for the
mobile number in this form, I see over a 95% deliverability rate in the SMS I send right after the
form completion.
I use Zapier to send the collected mobile numbers from the Facebook Lead Form ad to ClickFunnels,
and from there I use Follow-Up Funnels to send the SMS campaign.
3. As with all of these funnels, the last part is the main event! I need to nurture that new lead using SMS
and work to get them to book a time in my calendar for a conversation! As part of the SMS nurture,
I make sure to keep up with real time replies to my prospects’ questions. If they aren’t engaged, I
send a conversation-starting question to them.
“Survey-to-Appointment” Funnel
This type of funnel works best for brick and mortar businesses that don’t offer an item or service for
free but instead need an initial consultation with a prospect. Loan officers, contractors, law practices
or cosmetic surgery clinics are great examples of businesses that would use a Survey-to-Appointment
Funnel.
The idea of a survey is to draw your prospect into answering initial questions that will quickly and
conveniently lead to them receiving valuable information. Most homeowners would love to know how
much it will cost to fix their leaky roof. However choosing a roofing company, picking up the phone
to call them and then requesting an estimate is too much work and they will procrastinate endlessly.
TYLER SHA ULE | 177

--- PAGE 178 ---
Imagine if that same homeowner was scrolling on Facebook and saw your advertised post that asked
them if they would like an estimate for the cost of their roof and all they had to do was answer three
simple questions. What option do you think they would take?
Survey-to-Appointment Funnels are designed to be a low commitment method for leads to receive
high-value personalized information. Make sure to position your requirement for the SMS opt-in as the
delivery method for this highly valued and personalized answer to their problem.
Here is how I would create the Survey-to-Appointment Funnel:
1. First, I design my survey. It should be short, only three to five questions with the first two questions
being very easy to complete. I also want to include one or two questions that help me qualify my
leads, segment them and identify my best prospects. For the roofing example, I may want to ask
the homeowner about their home’s overall square footage size and about how soon they want to
install a new roof. The answers to these questions would help me determine the overall value of a
roofing job and which lead was more serious about making a decision to hire a roofer based on the
timing they indicated in the second answer.
ClickFunnels has a survey builder element which I will use to easily create and embed a conditional
logic survey or quiz onto a ClickFunnels landing page along with an SMS opt-in element. Another
survey tool I recommend is conversations.io.
2. I will send an SMS with the helpful information or report that is generated from the quiz or survey.
I will follow up with more text messages and answer any further questions the prospect has about
my service. Many of my clients end up selling packages right over the SMS conversation at this
point because the prospect has been so thoroughly qualified with the survey and they are ready to
become a buyer!
3. I will get the prospect to schedule an appointment on my calendar. Once I have a prospect complete
a booking, I will send them frequent SMS reminders of their meeting or phone call time so they
don’t forget to attend. If they don’t show up, I will simply send them a text message and let them
know they missed out and can reschedule for the next convenient day. However, I always mention
that after that, the offer may not be available.
TYLER SHA ULE | 178

--- PAGE 179 ---
Don’t sleep on Survey-to-Appointment Funnels. They are incredibly powerful. My second Two Comma
Club Award came from a survey funnel in my brick and mortar business that did over $1.3 Million in
just 7 months!
#3: Rate, Review & Referral Funnel
Although I’m presenting the Rate, Review & Refer Funnel last, I recommend that all brick and mortar
businesses implement it far sooner than any marketing strategy that involves getting leads from
advertising. I’m a firm believer in creating retention, resell, upsell and referral opportunities that create
expansion revenue while not dramatically increasing costs like advertising.
The best kind of revenue in a business is repeating revenue. When you can have the same customer or
client continue being a buyer on a regular basis then you reduce your costs and increase your profits!
Every brick and mortar business needs a reliable way to predict the likelihood of a customer buying
again, as well as leveraging that customer to gain a steady stream of referrals.
About 5 years ago, I read The Ultimate Question by Fred Reichheld, and I implemented the Net Promoter
Score (NPS) in my business shortly after. The NPS is a two question rating system that is designed to:
• Collect genuine customer feedback on how to serve them better,
• Predict which customers will return as a buyer again, and
• Pre-frame your customers to refer your business to their family, friends, neighbors
and colleagues.
The NPS asks these two questions.
1. On a scale of 1-10, with 10 being very likely, how likely are you to recommend (your
business name here) to your family, friends, neighbors or colleagues?
2. How could (your business name here) achieve a score closer to 10?
The strength of the NPS is the clarity it provides. Scores of 9 or 10 signify a customer that is very likely
to both buy again and refer (otherwise called a promoter), while those that give a score of 6 are likely to
become an active detractor that will share about your business in a cynical and negative way. Scores
of 7 and 8 are labeled as passive, neither promoting or detracting.
The initial phase of this funnel is to identify “promoters” by asking for a rating. The second step of the
funnel is to request a review on a platform like Google Reviews, Facebook Recommendation or Yelp.
The last step of the funnel is to send a “Buddy Offer” to the customer that they can share with others
they know. Connecting each phase of this funnel with SMS makes sense because it’s an intimate way
of communicating that also provides easy access to both webpages and the review platforms on a
customer’s smartphone, the place they are most likely to spend a minute or two to send your feedback
and provide a review. Sharing the “Buddy Offer” is also made even easier when you text it to a customer
because all the contacts that you hope they send it to are already stored in their smartphone!
TYLER SHA ULE | 179

--- PAGE 180 ---
Here is how I would execute the Rate, Review & Referral Funnel:
1. I will build the NPS Rating page on a Clickfunnels page using the survey builder element. I will add
conditional logic for answers of 9 and 10 to be forwarded to the Google ‘My Business’ Review page
automatically (using conversations.io for this feature). I will send a personal follow up message to
all the contacts with an NPS feedback of less than 7 so that I can work to improve my business
based on customer feedback.
2. Collecting about 300 five star reviews is quickly becoming a necessity for brick and mortar businesses.
Prospects place a high value on social proof and many review platforms receive a high degree of
visibility (especially Google Reviews and Facebook Recommendations). Intentionally gathering as
many positive reviews as possible is also a way to mitigate the inevitable negative review. It’s often
not possible to avoid a few bad reviews. To make sure they are not prominent, it’s vital to have an
overwhelming number of positive reviews.
3. The referral phase of this funnel is key to growing my business. Often referral customers can be my
best customers because of the endorsement given by the referrer. Not only am I being esteemed by
the referrer, but since they have first hand experience with your service they are unlikely to refer you
to an unqualified person. I prefer to use a “Buddy Offer” style referral. This type of referral relies on
the generosity of the customer to want their friends to experience the same benefit they did. I will
be sure to play off the increase in status for the sharer of the “Buddy Offer” because they are
helping improve the lives of their friends and achieve something they themselves have already
experienced. An example of a “Buddy Offer” for a gym or fitness studio would be a free 10 day pass
for a friend.
Within this funnel, I will be prompt in my communication. As soon as the fulfillment or delivery
portion of my service for the customer is complete, I will send the Rating request link by SMS. Using
text messaging will ensure it’s seen and responded to more quickly than email. As the customer
shows commitment and completes a stage of this funnel, I will send the next request immediately
and leverage their current momentum. Customers that give my business a great rating and leave a
review are highly likely to also be prolific referral partners! I will thank them, stay close to them and
be sure to remind them to continue to refer people to my service.
TYLER SHA ULE | 180

--- PAGE 181 ---
Conclusion
These three funnels represent all you need to find, get and keep 100 customers or clients in the next
100 days. Start by developing your Reactivation Funnel with SMS conversations that engages your
database of past leads and customers with an irresistible offer.
My clients often find that it can take a couple tries to nail the right reactivation offer, so don’t give up if
the first one isn’t a success! If you have been in business for a year or two, you likely have at least 1,000
contacts in your database. Start by sending 100-150 of your contacts to the Reactivation Funnel each
week. On average about 10% of those contacts will book an appointment with you and about half will
purchase. The result will be over 50 customers in your first 50 days of applying this strategy.
Once you have the Reactivation Funnel running on autopilot, take a week to implement the Rate, Review
and Referral Funnel. My clients regularly see about 15% of their clients actively refer a friend through
this funnel. The outcome would be 7 to 8 new clients over the first 50 days as well as dozens of positive
reviews on Google and Facebook.
So far, your business has attracted almost 60 customers with just two of these potent campaigns.
The last phase requires you to decide what type of Ad-to-Appointment Funnel fits your business best.
Once you choose, you can develop the offer, build the funnel and launch the ads. If you could run this
funnel for 7 weeks (or 49 days) and schedule about 12 appointments per week that would mean over
80 sales opportunities in the last half of your 100 days.
Provided that you can make a deal with about half of those prospects, the result would be another 40
customers and bring your total for the last 100 days to 100 customers!
Congratulations! Using The Phone Funnel System and ClickFunnels, you have added another 100
customers to your brick and mortar business…in just 100 days!
Tips & Tricks for SMS Marketing
1. Add a Text extension on your Google ads that will allow the prospects that find you
with SEM to easily text you with the press of a finger on your mobile device.
TYLER SHA ULE | 181

--- PAGE 182 ---
2. Add a Text Me button on your Instagram profile.
3. Now that you have a mobile marketing number (if you are using conversations.io),
start to use it on your sales pages as a method for prospects to contact you if they
have a question about your services.
4. Pick up the phone and make an outbound call to just say, “Hi!” Your contacts can
text you back within your funnels. Marketing is supposed to be personal and
conversational!
Closest to the Customer Wins
Russell is famous for repeating the saying, “Whoever can spend the most to acquire a customer, wins.”
While I agree that works great in most funnels, it does not work in funnels that lead a prospect to a
sales conversation with a brick and mortar business!
If you need to talk to someone to make a sale then it is “whoever is the closest to the customer wins.”
The Phone Funnel System is designed to position you as close to your prospect as possible so that
your marketing feels personal and your sales process is conversational.
You don’t need to focus on spending more money on advertising, adding upsells or creating a self-
liquidating offer. Instead, you need to relentlessly implement the most personal marketing methods
you can find and focus on having sales conversations that serve your prospects.
Using SMS and ClickFunnels, you can implement the Phone Funnel System and create the perfect
bridge between online marketing and sales for your brick and mortar business!
TYLER SHA ULE | 182

--- PAGE 183 ---
The Best Resources for You
(If You Would Love to Create and
Grow Your 6-Figure Online Business Quickly, You Need To Have: )
#1. Create Your FREE Clickfunnels Account
#2. Dotcom Secrets Book (FREE- 2nd Edition)
#3. Dotcom Secrets Summit
#4. Expert Secrets Book (FREE – 2nd Edition)
#5. Traffic Secrets Book (FREE)
#6. One Funnel Away Challenge (Recommended)